Probing the salmeterol binding site on the beta 2-adrenergic receptor using a novel photoaffinity ligand, [(125)I]iodoazidosalmeterol.
Induction of multidrug resistance transporter ABCG2 by prolactin in human breast cancer cells.
Influence of coadministration of artemether and lumefantrine on selected plasma biochemical and erythrocyte oxidative stress indices in female Wistar rats.
Safety and efficacy of polycalcium for improving biomarkers of bone metabolism: a 4-week open-label clinical study.
Establishment of an in vitro photoallergy test using NCTC2544 cells and IL-18 production.
Apomorphine is a bimodal modulator of TRPA1 channels.
Oxidative stress induces differential gene expression in a human lens epithelial cell line.
Vitamin C forestalls cigarette smoke induced NF-κB activation in alveolar epithelial cells.
Mice heterozygous for AChE are more sensitive to AChE inhibitors but do not respond to BuChE inhibition.
Sustained resistance to acute MPTP toxicity by hypothalamic dopamine neurons following chronic neurotoxicant exposure is associated with sustained up-regulation of parkin protein.
Norepinephrine transporter gene (NET) polymorphism in patients with type 2 diabetes.
Improved Insulin Sensitivity despite Increased Visceral Adiposity in Mice Deficient for the Immune Cell Transcription Factor T-bet.
Enzyme-responsive surface erosion of poly(ethylene carbonate) for controlled drug release.
Accumulation of glutathione disulfide mediates NF-kappaB activation during immune stimulation with CpG DNA.
5-((1-Aroyl-1H-indol-3-yl)methylene)-2-thioxodihydropyrimidine-4,6(1H,5H)-diones as potential anticancer agents with anti-inflammatory properties.
A 4-trifluoromethyl derivative of salicylate, triflusal, stimulates nitric oxide production by human neutrophils: role in platelet function.
Methamphetamine increases the hippocampal alpha(2A)-adrenergic receptor and Galpha(o) in mice.
Mechanism of iodide-dependent catalatic activity of thyroid peroxidase and lactoperoxidase.
Lipotoxicity impairs incretin signalling.
Discriminative stimulus effects of the mixed-opioid agonist/antagonist dezocine: cross-substitution by mu and delta opioid agonists.
Ibandronate increases the expression of the pro-apoptotic gene FAS by epigenetic mechanisms in tumor cells.
Cannabinoid agonists increase the interaction between β-Arrestin 2 and ERK1/2 and upregulate β-Arrestin 2 and 5-HT(2A) receptors.
Arsenic trioxide-induced hERG K(+) channel deficiency can be rescued by matrine and oxymatrine through up-regulating transcription factor Sp1 expression.
Discriminative stimulus effects of esteratic local anesthetics in squirrel monkeys.
Intracellular K+ is required for the inactivation-induced high-affinity binding of cisapride to HERG channels.
RPE65 is essential for the function of cone photoreceptors in NRL-deficient mice.
Design, synthesis, and structure-activity relationship studies of tryptanthrins as antitubercular agents.
Carbonic anhydrase inhibitors: aromatic and heterocyclic sulfonamides incorporating adamantyl moieties with strong anticonvulsant activity.
Perinatal exposure to BDE-99 causes learning disorders and decreases serum thyroid hormone levels and BDNF gene expression in hippocampus in rat offspring.
Development of potent and selective indomethacin analogues for the inhibition of AKR1C3 (Type 5 17β-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase/prostaglandin F synthase) in castrate-resistant prostate cancer.
Hierarchical NiO microflake films with high coloration efficiency, cyclic stability and low power consumption for applications in a complementary electrochromic device.
Enzyme expression profiles suggest the novel tumor-activated fluoropyrimidine carbamate capecitabine (Xeloda) might be effective against papillary thyroid cancers of children and young adults.
Protective effects of green tea on antioxidative biomarkers in chemical laboratory workers.
Binding of progestagens to receptor proteins in MCF-7 cells.
AMP-activated protein kinase-dependent and -independent mechanisms underlying in vitro antiglioma action of compound C.
Expression of DDAH1 in chick and rat embryos.
SPIDIA-RNA: first external quality assessment for the pre-analytical phase of blood samples used for RNA based analyses.
Endometriosis: the way forward.
LDL Cholesterol Goals in High-Risk Patients: How Low Do We Go and How Do We Get There?
Ubiquitin-dependent regulation of phospho-AKT dynamics by the ubiquitin E3 ligase, NEDD4-1, in the insulin-like growth factor-1 response.
Molecular Mechanisms of the antitumor activity of SB225002: A novel microtubule inhibitor.
Success of pyridostigmine, physostigmine, eptastigmine and phosphotriesterase treatments in acute sarin intoxication.
Altered cholesterol homeostasis in aged macrophages linked to neovascular macular degeneration.
Sexually dimorphic behavior after developmental exposure to characterize endocrine-mediated effects of different non-dioxin-like PCBs in rats.
Activating glucocorticoid receptor-ERK signaling pathway contributes to ginsenoside Rg1 protection against β-amyloid peptide-induced human endothelial cells apoptosis.
Thioflavin T and its photoirradiative derivatives: exploring their spectroscopic properties in the absence and presence of amyloid fibrils.
Are the cognitive effects of atypical antipsychotics influenced by their affinity to 5HT-2A receptors?
Acute arsenic treatment alters cytochrome P450 expression and arachidonic acid metabolism in lung, liver and kidney of C57Bl/6 mice.
Parental exposure to natural mixtures of POPs reduced embryo production and altered gene transcription in zebrafish embryos.
A New Proposed Rodent Model of Chemically Induced Prostate Carcinogenesis: Distinct Time-Course Prostate Cancer Progression in the Dorsolateral and Ventral Lobes.
