Binding of dimemorfan to sigma-1 receptor and its anticonvulsant and locomotor effects in mice, compared with dextromethorphan and dextrorphan.
Angiotensin II receptor blockade in normotensive subjects: A direct comparison of three AT1 receptor antagonists.
Characterisation of the 5-HT receptor binding profile of eletriptan and kinetics of [3H]eletriptan binding at human 5-HT1B and 5-HT1D receptors.
Pharmacological profile of neuroleptics at human monoamine transporters.
Disodium cromoglycate does not prevent terbutaline-induced desensitization of beta 2-adrenoceptor-mediated cardiovascular in vivo functions in human volunteers.
A multicenter, randomized study of argatroban versus heparin as adjunct to tissue plasminogen activator (TPA) in acute myocardial infarction: myocardial infarction with novastan and TPA (MINT) study.
Mechanistic differences of various AT1-receptor blockers in isolated vessels of different origin.
Dose-dependent inhibition of platelet cyclooxygenase-1 and monocyte cyclooxygenase-2 by meloxicam in healthy subjects.
Modulation of dialysate levels of dopamine, noradrenaline, and serotonin (5-HT) in the frontal cortex of freely-moving rats by (-)-pindolol alone and in association with 5-HT reuptake inhibitors: comparative roles of beta-adrenergic, 5-HT1A, and 5-HT1B receptors.
Entacapone. A review of its use in Parkinson's disease.
5-hydroxytryptamine evokes endothelial nitric oxide synthase activation in bovine aortic endothelial cell cultures.
Caffeine inhibits the checkpoint kinase ATM.
Serotonin transporter production and degradation rates: studies with RTI-76.
Cannabis and cannabinoids: pharmacology and rationale for clinical use.
Pharmacological properties of angiotensin II receptor antagonists.
Comparison of chemotherapy with chemohormonal therapy as first-line therapy for metastatic, hormone-sensitive breast cancer: An Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group study.
Characterization and partial purification of microsomal NAD(P)H:quinone oxidoreductases.
Opioid activity profiles indicate similarities between the nociceptin/orphanin FQ and opioid receptors.
Effects of long-term administration of UFT plus leucovorin on colorectal tumors induced with 1,2-dimethylhydrazine in rats.
Antizyme inhibitor is rapidly induced in growth-stimulated mouse fibroblasts and releases ornithine decarboxylase from antizyme suppression.
Characterization of human recombinant alpha(2A)-adrenoceptors expressed in Chinese hamster lung cells using extracellular acidification rate changes.
Pharmacological characterization of glucocorticoid receptors in primary human bronchial epithelial cells.
Molecular characterization of the surface of apoptotic neutrophils: implications for functional downregulation and recognition by phagocytes.
A positron emission tomography study of quetiapine in schizophrenia: a preliminary finding of an antipsychotic effect with only transiently high dopamine D2 receptor occupancy.
Correlations of receptor binding and metabolic and mitogenic potencies of insulin analogs designed for clinical use.
TWIK-2, an inactivating 2P domain K+ channel.
Addition of eicosapentaenoic acid to gamma-linolenic acid-supplemented diets prevents serum arachidonic acid accumulation in humans.
Effects of a K(+) channel opener to reduce transmural dispersion of repolarization and prevent torsade de pointes in LQT1, LQT2, and LQT3 models of the long-QT syndrome.
Peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor alpha (PPARalpha) activators, bezafibrate and Wy-14,643, increase uncoupling protein-3 mRNA levels without modifying the mitochondrial membrane potential in primary culture of rat preadipocytes.
Schisandrin B protects against menadione-induced hepatotoxicity by enhancing DT-diaphorase activity.
Interactive and delayed effects of pyridostigmine and physical stress on biochemical and histological changes in peripheral tissues of mice.
Effect of hormonal agents on monocyte chemotactic protein-1 expression by endometrial epithelial cells of women with endometriosis.
Pharmacological modulation of nerve growth factor synthesis: a mechanistic comparison of vitamin D receptor and beta(2)-adrenoceptor agonists.
Protective effect of halothane anesthesia on retinal light damage: inhibition of metabolic rhodopsin regeneration.
Comparison of antidepressant activity in 4- and 40-week-old male mice in the forced swimming test: involvement of 5-HT1A and 5-HT1B receptors in old mice.
Cytochrome P450 4A, peroxisomal enzymes and nicotinamide cofactors in koala liver.
Gemcitabine and Pemetrexed disodium in treating breast cancer.
Distal bowel selectivity in the chemoprevention of experimental colon carcinogenesis by the non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug nabumetone.
Nuclear diacylglycerol kinase-theta is activated in response to alpha-thrombin.
Pharmacokinetic analysis by high-performance liquid chromatography of intravenous nordihydroguaiaretic acid in the mouse.
Vasoconstrictive drugs increase carbonic anhydrase I in vascular smooth muscle while vasodilating drugs reduce the activity of this isozyme by a direct mechanism of action.
Neuroparalysis and oxime efficacy in organophosphate poisoning: a study of butyrylcholinesterase.
Potent alpha(2A)-adrenoceptor-mediated vasoconstriction by brimonidine in porcine ciliary arteries.
Gemcitabine and pemetrexed disodium combinations in vitro and in vivo.
Tetrahydrofolate biosynthesis in plants: molecular and functional characterization of dihydrofolate synthetase and three isoforms of folylpolyglutamate synthetase in Arabidopsis thaliana.
Rabeprazole: an update of its use in acid-related disorders.
Angiotensin II suppression in humans by the orally active renin inhibitor Aliskiren (SPP100): comparison with enalapril.
Heterogeneity of persistent hyperinsulinaemic hypoglycaemia. A series of 175 cases.
Donepezil hydrochloride: a treatment drug for Alzheimer's disease.
Alefacept, an immunomodulatory recombinant LFA-3/IgG1 fusion protein, induces CD16 signaling and CD2/CD16-dependent apoptosis of CD2(+) cells.
Thalidomide in multiple myeloma.
[Leflunomide--a new drug for pharmacological immunomodulation].
Existing and emerging endocrine therapies for breast cancer.
Microarray and biochemical analysis of lovastatin-induced apoptosis of squamous cell carcinomas.
Regulation of norepinephrine transporter abundance by catecholamines and desipramine in vivo.
Nicotinic acetylcholine receptor regulation of spinal norepinephrine release.
The pharmacology of cilostazol.
Identification of interaction sites of cyclic nucleotide phosphodiesterase type 3A with milrinone and cilostazol using molecular modeling and site-directed mutagenesis.
Enzymatic catalysis in crystals of Escherichia coli maltodextrin phosphorylase.
The pharmacokinetics of fondaparinux sodium in healthy volunteers.
Molecular analysis of PCCB gene in Korean patients with propionic acidemia.
Atypical antipsychotic drugs, quetiapine, iloperidone, and melperone, preferentially increase dopamine and acetylcholine release in rat medial prefrontal cortex: role of 5-HT1A receptor agonism.
Effects of age and sex on the disposition of retigabine.
Selective cyclooxygenase-2 inhibition does not affect the healing of cutaneous full-thickness incisional wounds in SKH-1 mice.
Synthesis and in vivo evaluation of novel radiotracers for the in vivo imaging of the norepinephrine transporter.
Histamine H1-receptor antagonists, promethazine and homochlorcyclizine, increase the steady-state plasma concentrations of haloperidol and reduced haloperidol.
Yeast epiarginase regulation, an enzyme-enzyme activity control: identification of residues of ornithine carbamoyltransferase and arginase responsible for enzyme catalytic and regulatory activities.
[Study on the effect of cysteinyl leukotriene antagonist, pranlukast hydrate, on adhesive interaction between eosinophils and pulmonary endothelial cells].
Comparison of in vitro P-glycoprotein screening assays: recommendations for their use in drug discovery.
Incorporation of trifluoroisoleucine into proteins in vivo.
Analysis of plasmin binding and urokinase activation of plasminogen bound to the Heymann nephritis autoantigen, gp330.
Functional characterization of alpha-adrenoceptors mediating pupillary dilation in rats.
Colon cancer cells with high invasive potential are susceptible to induction of apoptosis by a selective COX-2 inhibitor.
Pharmacological characterization of unique prazosin-binding sites in human kidney.
chi-Conopeptide MrIA partially overlaps desipramine and cocaine binding sites on the human norepinephrine transporter.
The primary structure of porcine aminoacylase 1 deduced from cDNA sequence.
Beta 1-adrenergic receptor polymorphisms and antihypertensive response to metoprolol.
Interaction of rofecoxib and celecoxib with warfarin.
AT1 antagonism by eprosartan lowers heart rate variability and baroreflex gain.
Further characterization of alpha N-acetyl beta-endorphin-(1-31) regulatory activity, I: Effect on opioid- and alpha 2-mediated supraspinal antinociception in mice.
Effects of loperamide on the human hypothalamo-pituitary-adrenal axis in vivo and in vitro.
Effects of nedocromil sodium on the binding of N-formyl-methionyl-leucyl-phenylalanine in human neutrophils.
Effects of nedocromil sodium and WEB 2086 on chemoattractant-stimulated neutrophil migration through cellular and noncellular barriers.
Ocular beta-blockers in glaucoma management. Clinical pharmacological aspects.
5-Lipoxygenase inhibitors for the treatment of inflammatory bowel disease.
Platelet-derived growth factor (PDGF) receptor-alpha-activated c-Jun NH2-terminal kinase-1 is critical for PDGF-induced p21WAF1/CIP1 promoter activity independent of p53.
Searching for preventive measures of cardiovascular events in aged Japanese taxi drivers--the daily rhythm of cardiovascular risk factors during a night duty day.
The human ribonucleotide reductase subunit hRRM2 complements p53R2 in response to UV-induced DNA repair in cells with mutant p53.
Minocycline reduces cell death and improves functional recovery after traumatic spinal cord injury in the rat.
Innovative approach for improvement of an antibiotic-overproducing industrial strain of Streptomyces albus.
[The effects of nandrolone phenylpropionate on androgen receptor of liver and sexual glands in burned rats].
Serotonin 5-HT(2B) receptor loss of function mutation in a patient with fenfluramine-associated primary pulmonary hypertension.
The antileukemia drug 2-chloro-2'-deoxyadenosine: an intrinsic transcriptional antagonist.
Blockade of beta 1- and desensitization of beta 2-adrenoceptors reduce isoprenaline-induced cardiac fibrosis.
Characterization of the mouse cold-menthol receptor TRPM8 and vanilloid receptor type-1 VR1 using a fluorometric imaging plate reader (FLIPR) assay.
Inhibitory effects of the monoamine oxidase inhibitor tranylcypromine on the cytochrome P450 enzymes CYP2C19, CYP2C9, and CYP2D6.
Organization and expression of the SLC36 cluster of amino acid transporter genes.
ATR regulates a G2-phase cell-cycle checkpoint in Arabidopsis thaliana.
Selective activation of thyroid hormone signaling pathways by GC-1: a new approach to controlling cholesterol and body weight.
Flt3 receptor tyrosine kinase as a drug target in leukemia.
Novel mechanism of action for hydralazine: induction of hypoxia-inducible factor-1alpha, vascular endothelial growth factor, and angiogenesis by inhibition of prolyl hydroxylases.
Determination of expression of cyclooxygenase-1 and -2 isozymes in canine tissues and their differential sensitivity to nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs.
Ketoconazole binds to the human androgen receptor.
P2 receptor mRNA expression profiles in human lymphocytes, monocytes and CD34+ stem and progenitor cells.
Direct multiplex assay of lysosomal enzymes in dried blood spots for newborn screening.
A disorder to order transition accompanies catalysis in retinaldehyde dehydrogenase type II.
Effects of carvedilol on plasma B-type natriuretic peptide concentration and symptoms in patients with heart failure and preserved ejection fraction.
Psychopharmacology of anticonvulsants: levetiracetam as a synaptic vesicle protein modulator.
Terbinafine: mode of action and properties of the squalene epoxidase inhibition.
[A case report of metastatic pancreatic cancer that responded remarkably to the combination of thalidomide, celecoxib and irinotecan].
Effect of pitavastatin on apolipoprotein A-I production in HepG2 cell.
A multitargeted, metronomic, and maximum-tolerated dose "chemo-switch" regimen is antiangiogenic, producing objective responses and survival benefit in a mouse model of cancer.
Preferential and non-selective cyclooxygenase inhibitors reduce inflammation during lipopolysaccharide-induced synovitis.
Genetic polymorphisms predisposing to hyperhomocysteinemia in cardiac transplant patients.
Effect of bosentan (ETA/ETB receptor antagonist) on metabolic changes during stress and diabetes.
Modification of radiation damage to mitochondrial system in vivo by Podophyllum hexandrum: mechanistic aspects.
Effects of minocycline on Fas-mediated fulminant hepatitis in mice.
Role of hydrogen sulfide in acute pancreatitis and associated lung injury.
Atypical and typical antipsychotic drug interactions with the dopamine D2 receptor.
Pharmacokinetics, pharmacodynamics, and safety of exenatide in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Sterol transporters: targets of natural sterols and new lipid lowering drugs.
[Change of dopamine transporter activity (DAT) during the action of bupropion (in depression)].
A phase-1 trial of bexarotene and denileukin diftitox in patients with relapsed or refractory cutaneous T-cell lymphoma.
Crystal structure of prostate-specific membrane antigen, a tumor marker and peptidase.
Conversion of 5-aminolevulinate synthase into a more active enzyme by linking the two subunits: spectroscopic and kinetic properties.
Regulation of the expression of peptidylarginine deiminase type II gene (PADI2) in human keratinocytes involves Sp1 and Sp3 transcription factors.
Activator of G protein signaling 3 regulates opiate activation of protein kinase A signaling and relapse of heroin-seeking behavior.
2-[4-(3,4-Dimethylphenyl)piperazin-1-ylmethyl]-1H benzoimidazole (A-381393), a selective dopamine D4 receptor antagonist.
Review article: 5-hydroxytryptamine agonists and antagonists in the modulation of gastrointestinal motility and sensation: clinical implications.
Niacin mediates lipolysis in adipose tissue through its G-protein coupled receptor HM74A.
Islet cell antibodies in normal French schoolchildren.
Effect of gene disruptions of the TCA cycle on production of succinic acid in Saccharomyces cerevisiae.
The unexpected side effects of new nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs.
Association of MTRRA66G polymorphism (but not of MTHFR C677T and A1298C, MTRA2756G, TCN C776G) with homocysteine and coronary artery disease in the French population.
Vitamin E supplementation alters HDL-cholesterol concentration and paraoxonase activity in rabbits fed high-cholesterol diet: comparison with probucol.
Molecular cloning and radioligand binding characterization of the chemokine receptor CCR5 from rhesus macaque and human.
A novel function of differentiation revealed by cDNA microarray profiling of p75NTR-regulated gene expression.
GPR109A (PUMA-G/HM74A) mediates nicotinic acid-induced flushing.
The Arg389Gly beta1-adrenoceptor polymorphism and catecholamine effects on plasma-renin activity.
Valproic acid selectively inhibits conversion of arachidonic acid to arachidonoyl-CoA by brain microsomal long-chain fatty acyl-CoA synthetases: relevance to bipolar disorder.
From an inborn error patient to a search for regulatory meaning: a biotin conducted voyage.
Involvement of COX-1 and up-regulated prostaglandin E synthases in phosphatidylserine liposome-induced prostaglandin E2 production by microglia.
Sorafenib: scientific rationales for single-agent and combination therapy in clear-cell renal cell carcinoma.
A case of adult-onset type II citrullinemia--deterioration of clinical course after infusion of hyperosmotic and high sugar solutions.
Inhibition of gentamicin binding to rat renal brush-border membrane by megalin ligands and basic peptides.
Thymidylate synthase expression pattern, expression level and single nucleotide polymorphism are predictors for disease-free survival in patients of colorectal cancer treated with 5-fluorouracil.
Leishmania donovani singly deficient in HGPRT, APRT or XPRT are viable in vitro and within mammalian macrophages.
Loss of a primordial identity element for a mammalian mitochondrial aminoacylation system.
Metabolic syndrome: adenosine monophosphate-activated protein kinase and malonyl coenzyme A.
Chronic effect of [D-Pen2,D-Pen5]enkephalin on rat brain opioid receptors.
[Preclinical pharmacology of amoxapine and amitriptyline. Implications of serotoninergic and opiodergic systems in their central effect in rats].
Desvenlafaxine succinate: A new serotonin and norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor.
How may anticancer chemotherapy with fluorouracil be individualised?
Expression of basic fibroblast growth factor correlates with resistance to paclitaxel in human patient tumors.
Thyroid hormone receptor expression in the obligatory paedomorphic salamander Necturus maculosus.
Regulation of retinal dehydrogenases and retinoic acid synthesis by cholesterol metabolites.
Reelin down-regulation in mice and psychosis endophenotypes.
Functional and bioenergetic consequences of AT1 antagonist olmesartan medoxomil in hearts with postinfarction LV remodeling.
Regulation of retinoic acid receptors alpha, beta and retinoid X receptor alpha after sciatic nerve injury.
Cellular effects of imatinib on medullary thyroid cancer cells harboring multiple endocrine neoplasia Type 2A and 2B associated RET mutations.
Cell biology of molybdenum.
[Retinoid therapy for autoimmune diseases].
Simvastatin regulates non-neuronal cholinergic activity in T lymphocytes via CD11a-mediated pathways.
More than cool: promiscuous relationships of menthol and other sensory compounds.
Effect of keratinocyte growth factor on cell viability in primary cultured human prostate cancer stromal cells.
The glutamate-aspartate transporter GLAST mediates glutamate uptake at inner hair cell afferent synapses in the mammalian cochlea.
The alpha- and beta-adrenoceptor blocking activities of labetalol and its RR-SR (50:50) stereoisomers.
Overexpression of proline oxidase induces proline-dependent and mitochondria-mediated apoptosis.
The effects of norepinephrine transporter inactivation on locomotor activity in mice.
Treatment of Postmenopausal Breast Cancer with Selective Estrogen Receptor Modulators (SERMs).
A 46-amino acid segment in phosphodiesterase-5 GAF-B domain provides for high vardenafil potency over sildenafil and tadalafil and is involved in phosphodiesterase-5 dimerization.
Telmisartan downregulates angiotensin II type 1 receptor through activation of peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor gamma.
Secretion of L-glutamate from osteoclasts through transcytosis.
Synthesis, dihydrofolate reductase inhibition, antitumor testing, and molecular modeling study of some new 4(3H)-quinazolinone analogs.
Hyperphagia alters expression of hypothalamic 5-HT2C and 5-HT1B receptor genes and plasma des-acyl ghrelin levels in Ay mice.
Gonadotropin-releasing hormone antagonist in the management of prostate cancer.
Diet and gene expression: delta-5 and delta-6 desaturases in healthy Chinese and European subjects.
The evolution of progesterone receptor ligands.
Decitabine--bedside to bench.
[Efalizumab].
Multiple pathways for cationic amino acid transport in rat seminiferous tubule cells.
Transition-state structure of human 5'-methylthioadenosine phosphorylase.
Sequestration of retinyl esters is essential for retinoid signaling in the zebrafish embryo.
A case of Ehlers Danlos syndrome type VI.
Molecular modeling of purinergic receptor P2Y12 and interaction with its antagonists.
Cadmium induces mitogenic signaling in breast cancer cell by an ERalpha-dependent mechanism.
Gonadotropin-releasing hormone functionally antagonizes testosterone activation of the human androgen receptor in prostate cells through focal adhesion complexes involving Hic-5.
Trace amine-associated receptor 1 displays species-dependent stereoselectivity for isomers of methamphetamine, amphetamine, and para-hydroxyamphetamine.
Regulation of pancreatic endocrine cell differentiation by sulphated proteoglycans.
Carbonic anhydrase inhibitors. DNA cloning, characterization, and inhibition studies of the human secretory isoform VI, a new target for sulfonamide and sulfamate inhibitors.
Role of the calcium modulated cyclases in the development of the retinal projections.
Pirfenidone inhibits TGF-beta expression in malignant glioma cells.
Human and rat bile acid-CoA:amino acid N-acyltransferase are liver-specific peroxisomal enzymes: implications for intracellular bile salt transport.
[Construction of the flavinogenic yeast Candida famata strains with high riboflavin kinase activity using gene engineering].
The impact of thyroid activity variations on some oxidizing-stress parameters in rats.
Mechanism of the irreversible inactivation of mouse ornithine decarboxylase by alpha-difluoromethylornithine. Characterization of sequences at the inhibitor and coenzyme binding sites.
Pre-steady-state currents in neutral amino acid transporters induced by photolysis of a new caged alanine derivative.
Histochemical staining and quantification of dihydrolipoamide dehydrogenase diaphorase activity using blue native PAGE.
Reticulated platelets and uninhibited COX-1 and COX-2 decrease the antiplatelet effects of aspirin.
Neuroprotection by estrogen against MPP+-induced dopamine neuron death is mediated by ERalpha in primary cultures of mouse mesencephalon.
Differential activation of cAMP response element binding protein in discrete nucleus accumbens subregions during early and late cocaine sensitization.
Fatal hemorrhage in mice lacking gamma-glutamyl carboxylase.
Levels of 2-thiothiazolidine-4-carboxylic acid (TTCA) and effect modification of polymorphisms of glutathione-related genes in vulcanization workers in the southern Sweden rubber industries.
H3 histamine receptor agonist inhibits biliary growth of BDL rats by downregulation of the cAMP-dependent PKA/ERK1/2/ELK-1 pathway.
Structure and kinetics of monofunctional proline dehydrogenase from Thermus thermophilus.
Creatine uptake in brain and skeletal muscle of mice lacking guanidinoacetate methyltransferase assessed by magnetic resonance spectroscopy.
Highly selective phosphodiesterase 4 inhibitors for the treatment of allergic skin diseases and psoriasis.
Aberrant regulation of argininosuccinate synthetase by TNF-alpha in human epithelial ovarian cancer.
Mechanism of specific membrane targeting by C2 domains: localized pools of target lipids enhance Ca2+ affinity.
Quantification and regulation of the subcellular distribution of bile acid coenzyme A:amino acid N-acyltransferase activity in rat liver.
Mesenchymal cells regulate the response of acute lymphoblastic leukemia cells to asparaginase.
Toxicity of beta-amyloid in HEK293 cells expressing NR1/NR2A or NR1/NR2B N-methyl-D-aspartate receptor subunits.
Competition between 24:5n-3 and ALA for Delta 6 desaturase may limit the accumulation of DHA in HepG2 cell membranes.
Plasma S/R ratio of warfarin co-varies with VKORC1 haplotype.
Dopamine D1 receptor agonist and D2 receptor antagonist effects of the natural product (-)-stepholidine: molecular modeling and dynamics simulations.
GLP-1 receptor expression in human tumors and human normal tissues: potential for in vivo targeting.
A novel variant L263F in human inosine 5'-monophosphate dehydrogenase 2 is associated with diminished enzyme activity.
[Effects of Panax notoginseng saponins on mRNA expressions of interleukin-1 beta, its correlative factors and cysteinyl-aspartate specific protease after cerebral ischemia-reperfusion in rats].
Downregulation of glutaredoxin but not glutathione loss leads to mitochondrial dysfunction in female mice CNS: implications in excitotoxicity.
The calponin homology domain of Vav1 associates with calmodulin and is prerequisite to T cell antigen receptor-induced calcium release in Jurkat T lymphocytes.
The transporters GlyT2 and VIAAT cooperate to determine the vesicular glycinergic phenotype.
Biochemical assessments of total antioxidant status in active and nonactive female adults with intellectual disability.
Na+/Cl- dipole couples agonist binding to kainate receptor activation.
Nicotine receptor gene CHRNA4 modulates early event-related potentials in auditory and visual oddball target detection tasks.
Phenserine.
Alpha1-adrenoceptors are required for normal male sexual function.
Pharmacological activators of AMP-activated protein kinase have different effects on Na+ transport processes across human lung epithelial cells.
Neuroprotective effect of nimesulide, a preferential COX-2 inhibitor, against pentylenetetrazol (PTZ)-induced chemical kindling and associated biochemical parameters in mice.
Glutathione S-transferase polymorphisms, cruciferous vegetable intake and cancer risk in the Central and Eastern European Kidney Cancer Study.
Regulated function of the prolyl-4-hydroxylase domain (PHD) oxygen sensor proteins.
Crystal structure of a human membrane protein involved in cysteinyl leukotriene biosynthesis.
FCGR2A and FCGR3A polymorphisms associated with clinical outcome of epidermal growth factor receptor expressing metastatic colorectal cancer patients treated with single-agent cetuximab.
Phenelzine causes an increase in brain ornithine that is prevented by prior monoamine oxidase inhibition.
Endothelial nitric oxide production is tightly coupled to the citrulline-NO cycle.
The use of escitalopram beyond major depression: pharmacological aspects, efficacy and tolerability in anxiety disorders.
Inhibition of platelet aggregation by AZD6140, a reversible oral P2Y12 receptor antagonist, compared with clopidogrel in patients with acute coronary syndromes.
The preparation and human muscarinic receptor profiling of oxybutynin and N-desethyloxybutynin enantiomers.
Degradation of submandibular gland AQP5 by parasympathetic denervation of chorda tympani and its recovery by cevimeline, an M3 muscarinic receptor agonist.
Multicenter trial of everolimus in pediatric renal transplant recipients: results at three year.
Differential pharmacokinetics and pharmacodynamics of methylphenidate enantiomers: does chirality matter?
Identification of N-terminal receptor activity-modifying protein residues important for calcitonin gene-related peptide, adrenomedullin, and amylin receptor function.
Nitrosoureas inhibit the stathmin-mediated migration and invasion of malignant glioma cells.
Interaction with the hERG channel and cytotoxicity of amiodarone and amiodarone analogues.
Interaction of human alpha-lactalbumin with fatty acids: determination of binding parameters.
Peptide and non-peptide agonists and antagonists for the vasopressin and oxytocin V1a, V1b, V2 and OT receptors: research tools and potential therapeutic agents.
Mechanisms of lipid-lowering agents.
Lapatinib: a dual inhibitor of human epidermal growth factor receptor tyrosine kinases.
N2-acetylphenelzine: effects on rat brain GABA, alanine and biogenic amines.
Dopamine D3 receptor-preferring agonists increase dendrite arborization of mesencephalic dopaminergic neurons via extracellular signal-regulated kinase phosphorylation.
Molecular pharmacology of human Cav3.2 T-type Ca2+ channels: block by antihypertensives, antiarrhythmics, and their analogs.
The role of combination medical therapy in benign prostatic hyperplasia.
Pharmacological characterization of pannexin-1 currents expressed in mammalian cells.
Captopril attenuates matrix metalloproteinase-2 and -9 in monocrotaline-induced right ventricular hypertrophy in rats.
Carbonic anhydrase inhibitors. Comparison of chlorthalidone, indapamide, trichloromethiazide, and furosemide X-ray crystal structures in adducts with isozyme II, when several water molecules make the difference.
Sergliflozin etabonate, a selective SGLT2 inhibitor, improves glycemic control in streptozotocin-induced diabetic rats and Zucker fatty rats.
D1-like receptors inhibit insulin-induced vascular smooth muscle cell proliferation via down-regulation of insulin receptor expression.
Successful liver transplantation for Budd-Chiari syndrome in a patient with paroxysmal nocturnal hemoglobinuria treated with the anti-complement antibody eculizumab.
Screening of acetylcholinesterase inhibitors by CE after enzymatic reaction at capillary inlet.
Dopamine D2/3 receptor binding potential and occupancy in midbrain and temporal cortex by haloperidol, olanzapine and clozapine.
Medical treatment of acute poisoning with organophosphorus and carbamate pesticides.
Preclinical properties of 18F-AV-45: a PET agent for Abeta plaques in the brain.
Palonosetron: in the prevention of nausea and vomiting.
Structural features of low-molecular-weight heparins affecting their affinity to antithrombin.
Abarelix and other gonadotrophin-releasing hormone antagonists in prostate cancer.
Fulvestrant: a unique antiendocrine agent for estrogen-sensitive breast cancer.
Alpha-2B adrenergic receptor mediated hemodynamic profile of etomidate.
N-carbamylglutamate treatment for acute neonatal hyperammonemia in isovaleric acidemia.
Stoichiometry of estramustine phosphate binding to MAP2 measured by the disassembly of chick brain MAP2:tubulin microtubules.
Activity of XL184 (Cabozantinib), an oral tyrosine kinase inhibitor, in patients with medullary thyroid cancer.
Toxic effects of chromium on tannery workers at Sialkot (Pakistan).
Protective effect of vitamin E and epicatechin against nicotine-induced oxidative stress in rats.
Conditional activation of Pik3ca(H1047R) in a knock-in mouse model promotes mammary tumorigenesis and emergence of mutations.
Quercetin reduces high-fat diet-induced fat accumulation in the liver by regulating lipid metabolism genes.
In vivo and in vitro models for the therapeutic targeting of Wnt signaling using a Tet-OΔN89β-catenin system.
Discovery and structural characterization of a phospholamban-binding cyclic peptide and design of novel inhibitors of phospholamban.
Macrophage cathepsin K promotes prostate tumor progression in bone.
Effect of tetrabrombisphenol A on induction of apoptosis in the testes and changes in expression of selected testicular genes in CD1 mice.
Inhibitory effect of synthetic progestins, 4-MA and cyanoketone on human placental 3 beta-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase/5----4-ene-isomerase activity.
Enhanced mGlu5-receptor dependent long-term depression at the Schaffer collateral-CA1 synapse of congenitally learned helpless rats.
Deep brain stimulation, histone deacetylase inhibitors and glutamatergic drugs rescue resistance to fear extinction in a genetic mouse model.
Nicotine facilitates memory consolidation in perceptual learning.
Increased expression of P450scc and CYP17 in development of endogenous hyperandrogenism in a rat model of PCOS.
Can the chemical reactivity of an ultimate carcinogen be related to its carcinogenicity? An application to propylene oxide.
A significant dose-dependent relationship between mercury exposure from dental amalgams and kidney integrity biomarkers: A further assessment of the Casa Pia children's dental amalgam trial.
Liver glycogen loading dampens glycogen synthesis seen in response to either hyperinsulinemia or intraportal glucose infusion.
Quantitation of UGT1A1 in human liver microsomes using stable isotope-labelled peptides and mass spectrometry based proteomic approaches.
Toxicity profile of small-molecule IAP antagonist GDC-0152 is linked to TNF-α pharmacology.
Tub has a key role in insulin and leptin signaling and action in vivo in hypothalamic nuclei.
The PARP inhibitor PJ34 modifies proliferation, NIS expression and epigenetic marks in thyroid cancer cell lines.
Comparative antioxidant effects of lycopene, apo-10'-lycopenoic acid and apo-14'-lycopenoic acid in human macrophages exposed to H2O2 and cigarette smoke extract.
Plants as a source of butyrylcholinesterase variants designed for enhanced cocaine hydrolase activity.
Experimental tooth movement-induced osteoclast activation is regulated by sympathetic signaling.
Resistin knockout mice exhibit impaired adipocyte glucose-dependent insulinotropic polypeptide receptor (GIPR) expression.
Cyclooxygenase (COX)-1 and COX-2 both play an important role in the protection of the duodenal mucosa in cats.
Reversal of dopamine D2 agonist-induced inhibition of ventral tegmental area neurons by Gq-linked neurotransmitters is dependent on protein kinase C, G protein-coupled receptor kinase, and dynamin.
Differential cell-protective function of two resveratrol (trans-3,5,4'-trihydroxystilbene) glucosides against oxidative stress.
Hydrophobic amino acids in the hinge region of the 5A apolipoprotein mimetic peptide are essential for promoting cholesterol efflux by the ABCA1 transporter.
Efficacy of the GluK1/AMPA receptor antagonist LY293558 against seizures and neuropathology in a soman-exposure model without pretreatment and its pharmacokinetics after intramuscular administration.
Overexpression of H1 calponin in osteoblast lineage cells leads to a decrease in bone mass by disrupting osteoblast function and promoting osteoclast formation.
Characterisation of acetylcholinesterase release from neuronal cells.
Circulating very-low-density lipoprotein from subjects with impaired glucose tolerance accelerates adrenocortical cortisol and aldosterone synthesis.
L-BMAA induced ER stress and enhanced caspase 12 cleavage in human neuroblastoma SH-SY5Y cells at low nonexcitotoxic concentrations.
Ribavirin-induced intracellular GTP depletion activates transcription elongation in coagulation factor VII gene expression.
Neuropeptide Y Y1 receptor knockdown can modify glutathione peroxidase and c-AMP response element-binding protein in phenylpropanolamine-treated rats.
Activation of group I metabotropic glutamate receptors potentiates heteromeric kainate receptors.
Fingolimod protects cultured cortical neurons against excitotoxic death.
Pharmacokinetics and metabolism of [(14)C]anagliptin, a novel dipeptidyl peptidase-4 inhibitor, in humans.
Chemical cholecystokinin receptor activation protects against obesity-diabetes in high fat fed mice and has sustainable beneficial effects in genetic ob/ob mice.
Combination lopinavir and ritonavir alter exogenous and endogenous bile acid disposition in sandwich-cultured rat hepatocytes.
Pharmacokinetic study of Growth Hormone-Releasing Peptide 6 (GHRP-6) in nine male healthy volunteers.
Efficacy of asiatic acid, a pentacyclic triterpene on attenuating the key enzymes activities of carbohydrate metabolism in streptozotocin-induced diabetic rats.
Ibandronate increases the expression of the pro-apoptotic gene FAS by epigenetic mechanisms in tumor cells.
Androgen receptor CAG repeat length modifies the effect of 2,3,7,8-tetrachlorodibenzo-p-dioxin on receptor activity in human prostate cells.
An improved mass spectrometric method for identification and quantification of phenolic compounds in apple fruits.
Reduced in vitro and in vivo toxicity of siRNA-lipoplexes with addition of polyglutamate.
Helenalin-induced apoptosis is dependent on production of reactive oxygen species and independent of induction of endoplasmic reticulum stress in renal cell carcinoma.
Contributions of rat Ctr1 to the uptake and toxicity of copper and platinum anticancer drugs in dorsal root ganglion neurons.
Cell cycle regulation by glucosamine in human pulmonary epithelial cells.
Characterization of substituted phenylpropylamides as highly selective agonists at the melatonin MT2 receptor.
Proto-oncogene PIM-1 is a novel estrogen receptor target associating with high grade breast tumors.
Metabolic pathways of inhaled glucocorticoids by the CYP3A enzymes.
Distinct roles of methamphetamine in modulating spatial memory consolidation, retrieval, reconsolidation and the accompanying changes of ERK and CREB activation in hippocampus and prefrontal cortex.
The impact of oxytocin administration and maternal love withdrawal on event-related potential (ERP) responses to emotional faces with performance feedback.
Ras-dva is a novel Pit-1- and glucocorticoid-regulated gene in the embryonic anterior pituitary gland.
Differential modulation of retinal ganglion cell light responses by orthosteric and allosteric metabotropic glutamate receptor 8 compounds.
UCCB01-125, a dimeric inhibitor of PSD-95, reduces inflammatory pain without disrupting cognitive or motor performance: comparison with the NMDA receptor antagonist MK-801.
Conformational landscape of diisopropyl ketone: quantum chemical calculations validated by microwave spectroscopy.
Control of hypercholesterolemia and atherosclerosis using the cholesterol recognition/interaction amino acid sequence of the translocator protein TSPO.
Effects of bidentate coordination on the molecular properties rapta-C based complex using theoretical approach.
Transcriptional regulatory factor X6 (Rfx6) increases gastric inhibitory polypeptide (GIP) expression in enteroendocrine K-cells and is involved in GIP hypersecretion in high fat diet-induced obesity.
Diet, physical exercise and Orlistat administration increase serum Anti-Müllerian Hormone (AMH) levels in women with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS).
Phenolic profiles and antioxidant activity of litchi pulp of different cultivars cultivated in Southern China.
Purification, physicochemical characterisation and anticancer activity of a polysaccharide from Cyclocarya paliurus leaves.
Bioinspired and highly oriented clay nanocomposites with a xyloglucan biopolymer matrix: extending the range of mechanical and barrier properties.
Lessons from the dissection of the activation functions (AF-1 and AF-2) of the estrogen receptor alpha in vivo.
Inhibitory effect of 1α,25-dihydroxyvitamin D₃ on excretion of JBP485 via organic anion transporters in rats.
Nanoparticle toxicity in Daphnia magna reproduction studies: the importance of test design.
Magnetic nanoclusters exhibiting protein-activated near-infrared fluorescence.
From in situ to in vivo: an in situ click-chemistry-derived carbonic anhydrase II imaging agent for positron emission tomography.
Dendronized albumin core-shell transporters with high drug loading capacity.
Impairment of novel object recognition in adulthood after neonatal exposure to diazinon.
Functional imaging of legumain in cancer using a new quenched activity-based probe.
Mutational consequences of dNTP pool imbalances in E. coli.
MAPK signaling pathways regulate mitochondrial-mediated apoptosis induced by isoorientin in human hepatoblastoma cancer cells.
Antithrombotic and profibrinolytic activities of isorhamnetin-3-O-galactoside and hyperoside.
Optimization of 5-hydroxytryptamines as dual function inhibitors targeting phospholipase A2 and leukotriene A4 hydrolase.
Apomorphine is a bimodal modulator of TRPA1 channels.
Human stearoyl-CoA desaturase 1 (SCD-1) gene expression is negatively regulated by thyroid hormone without direct binding of thyroid hormone receptor to the gene promoter.
Dissociation of Bcl-2-Beclin1 complex by activated AMPK enhances cardiac autophagy and protects against cardiomyocyte apoptosis in diabetes.
Metformin-mediated downregulation of p38 mitogen-activated protein kinase-dependent excision repair cross-complementing 1 decreases DNA repair capacity and sensitizes human lung cancer cells to paclitaxel.
Carboxylesterase-2 is a highly sensitive target of the antiobesity agent orlistat with profound implications in the activation of anticancer prodrugs.
Regions on adenylyl cyclase VII required for selective regulation by the G13 pathway.
Identification and characterization of a potent activator of p53-independent cellular senescence via a small-molecule screen for modifiers of the integrated stress response.
Tilting the balance between canonical and noncanonical conformations for the H1 hypervariable loop of a llama VHH through point mutations.
Synthesis and NIR optical properties of hollow gold nanospheres with LSPR greater than one micrometer.
Influence of surface groups on poly(propylene imine) dendrimers antiprion activity.
Acid-degradable cationic poly(ketal amidoamine) for enhanced RNA interference in vitro and in vivo.
Wogonin inhibits H2O2-induced vascular permeability through suppressing the phosphorylation of caveolin-1.
The discovery of fused oxadiazepines as gamma secretase modulators for treatment of Alzheimer's disease.
Inhibitory effects of a bazedoxifene/conjugated equine estrogen combination on human breast cancer cells in vitro.
Characterization of steroidogenic enzyme expression in aldosterone-producing adenoma: a comparison with various human adrenal tumors.
Live-cell imaging of p53 interactions using a novel Venus-based bimolecular fluorescence complementation system.
Salsolinol induced apoptotic changes in neural stem cells: amelioration by neurotrophin support.
Central nervous system damage due to acute paraquat poisoning: an experimental study with rat model.
(-) Epicatechin attenuates mitochondrial damage by enhancing mitochondrial multi-marker enzymes, adenosine triphosphate and lowering calcium in isoproterenol induced myocardial infarcted rats.
Increased urinary excretion of albumin, hemopexin, transferrin and VDBP correlates with chronic sensitization to gentamicin nephrotoxicity in rats.
Antioxidant and immunomodulatory activity of selenium exopolysaccharide produced by Lactococcus lactis subsp. lactis.
Influence of extraction procedures on phenolic content and antioxidant activity of Cretan barberry herb.
Shelf-life of infrared dry-roasted almonds.
Design and synthesis of novel 2-methyl-4,5-substitutedbenzo[f]-3,3a,4,5-tetrahydro-pyrazolo[1,5-d][1,4]oxazepin-8(7H)-one derivatives as telomerase inhibitors.
Anti-inflammatory effects of trans-1,3-diphenyl-2,3-epoxypropane-1-one mediated by suppression of inflammatory mediators in LPS-stimulated RAW 264.7 macrophages.
Radioprotection by two phenolic compounds: chlorogenic and quinic acid, on X-ray induced DNA damage in human blood lymphocytes in vitro.
DNA polymerase minor groove interactions modulate mutagenic bypass of a templating 8-oxoguanine lesion.
NMDA and AMPA receptor mediated excitotoxicity in cerebral cortex of streptozotocin induced diabetic rat: ameliorating effects of curcumin.
AMPK is a negative regulator of the Warburg effect and suppresses tumor growth in vivo.
Tetrahydropyrroloquinolinone type dual inhibitors of aromatase/aldosterone synthase as a novel strategy for breast cancer patients with elevated cardiovascular risks.
Evaluation of animal models for intestinal first-pass metabolism of drug candidates to be metabolized by CYP3A enzymes via in vivo and in vitro oxidation of midazolam and triazolam.
The physico-chemical "anatomy" of the tautomerization through the DPT of the biologically important pairs of hypoxanthine with DNA bases: QM and QTAIM perspectives.
Density of GM1 in nanoclusters is a critical factor in the formation of a spherical assembly of amyloid β-protein on synaptic plasma membranes.
Tamoxifen represses miR-200 microRNAs and promotes epithelial-to-mesenchymal transition by up-regulating c-Myc in endometrial carcinoma cell lines.
Manganese-induced oxidative DNA damage in neuronal SH-SY5Y cells: attenuation of thymine base lesions by glutathione and N-acetylcysteine.
Resveratrol improves cardiomyopathy in dystrophin-deficient mice through SIRT1 protein-mediated modulation of p300 protein.
Synthesis, characterization and targeting potential of zidovudine loaded sialic acid conjugated-mannosylated poly(propyleneimine) dendrimers.
3D structures and ligand specificities of nuclear xenobiotic receptors CAR, PXR and VDR.
Synthesis and dual biological effects of hydroxycinnamoyl phenylalanyl/prolyl hydroxamic acid derivatives as tyrosinase inhibitor and antioxidant.
Ruxolitinib: a new treatment option for myelofibrosis.
Tipping the energy balance toward longevity.
Oxidative and nitrosative stress and apoptosis in oral mucosa cells after ex vivo exposure to lead and benzo[a]pyrene.
Effect of enzymatically modified isoquercitrin on preneoplastic liver cell lesions induced by thioacetamide promotion in a two-stage hepatocarcinogenesis model using rats.
ICA-105574 interacts with a common binding site to elicit opposite effects on inactivation gating of EAG and ERG potassium channels.
Methylation of histone H3 on lysine 4 by the lysine methyltransferase SET1 protein is needed for normal clock gene expression.
Activation of the α7 nicotinic ACh receptor induces anxiogenic effects in rats which is blocked by a 5-HT1a receptor antagonist.
Carnitine palmitoyltransferase 2 and carnitine/acylcarnitine translocase are involved in the mitochondrial synthesis and export of acylcarnitines.
HOW GOOD IS THE LEVOTHYROXINE REPLACEMENT IN PRIMARY HYPOTHYROIDISM PATIENTS IN BRAZIL?- DATA OF A MULTICENTRE STUDY.
Bioactive abietane and ent-kaurane diterpenoids from Isodon tenuifolius.
Alkaloids from Microcos paniculata with cytotoxic and nicotinic receptor antagonistic activities.
The transcription factor Pitx3 is expressed selectively in midbrain dopaminergic neurons susceptible to neurodegenerative stress.
Inactivation of BAD by IKK inhibits TNFα-induced apoptosis independently of NF-κB activation.
Almorexant effects on CYP3A4 activity studied by its simultaneous and time-separated administration with simvastatin and atorvastatin.
Assessment of effects of IR and IPC on activities of cytochrome P450 isozymes in rats by a five-drug cocktail approach.
The factor VII-activating protease (FSAP) enhances the activity of bone morphogenetic protein-2 (BMP-2).
A brief history of oxytocin and its role in modulating psychostimulant effects.
The type 2 diabetes associated gene Ide is required for insulin secretion and suppression of α-synuclein levels in β-cells.
β-Cells Are Not Generated in Pancreatic Duct Ligation-Induced Injury in Adult Mice.
Support for 5-HT2C receptor functional selectivity in vivo utilizing structurally diverse, selective 5-HT2C receptor ligands and the 2,5-dimethoxy-4-iodoamphetamine elicited head-twitch response model.
Role of cytochrome P4502B6 in methadone metabolism and clearance.
Computationally assisted assignment of kahalalide Y configuration using an NMR-constrained conformational search.
Green approach&#8212;multicomponent production of boron&#8212;containing hantzsch and biginelli esters.
Structures and cytotoxic evaluation of new and known acyclic Ene-Ynes from an American Samoa Petrosia sp. Sponge.
Dopamine D2 receptor activation leads to an up-regulation of glial cell line-derived neurotrophic factor via Gβγ-Erk1/2-dependent induction of Zif268.
Fast protein motions are coupled to enzyme H-transfer reactions.
Characterization of the mouse promoter region of the acyl-CoA synthetase 4 gene: role of Sp1 and CREB.
Synthesis and biological evaluation of 1,3,4-thiadiazole analogues as novel AChE and BuChE inhibitors.
PI3 k/akt inhibition induces apoptosis through p38 activation in neurons.
Gender and strain contributions to the variability of buprenorphine-related respiratory toxicity in mice.
Autophagy takes place in mutated p53 neuroblastoma cells in response to hypoxia mimetic CoCl(2).
Mammalian myosin-18A, a highly divergent myosin.
Supervillin-mediated suppression of p53 protein enhances cell survival.
Novel acylethanolamide derivatives that modulate body weight through enhancement of hypothalamic pro-opiomelanocortin (POMC) and/or decreased neuropeptide Y (NPY).
Northern contaminant mixtures induced morphological and functional changes in human coronary artery endothelial cells under culture conditions typifying high fat/sugar diet and ethanol exposure.
QM/MM simulations of vibrational spectra of bacteriorhodopsin and channelrhodopsin-2.
Refining the UGT1A haplotype associated with irinotecan-induced hematological toxicity in metastatic colorectal cancer patients treated with 5-fluorouracil/irinotecan-based regimens.
Androgen Receptor mRNA Measured by Quantitative Real Time PCR is Decreased in the Urethral Mucosa of Patients with Middle Idiopathic Hypospadias.
Oxidative Stress and DNA Damage in Human Gastric Carcinoma: 8-Oxo-7'8-dihydro-2'-deoxyguanosine (8-oxo-dG) as a Possible Tumor Marker.
An intra-articular salmon calcitonin-based nanocomplex reduces experimental inflammatory arthritis.
Prolactin regulates transcription of the ion uptake Na+/Cl- cotransporter (ncc) gene in zebrafish gill.
Parathyroid hormone (1-34) counteracts the suppression of interleukin-11 expression by glucocorticoid in murine osteoblasts: a possible mechanism for stimulating osteoblast differentiation against glucocorticoid excess.
Effects of amlodipine on the oral bioavailability of cephalexin and cefuroxime axetil in healthy volunteers.
Binding between proteins and cationic spherical polyelectrolyte brushes: effect of pH, ionic strength, and stoichiometry.
Combined effects of organochlorine pesticides heptachlor and hexachlorobenzene on the promotion stage of hepatocarcinogenesis in rats.
The food contaminant deoxynivalenol activates the mitogen activated protein kinases in the intestine: interest of ex vivo models as an alternative to in vivo experiments.
Paeoniflorin protects human EA.hy926 endothelial cells against gamma-radiation induced oxidative injury by activating the NF-E2-related factor 2/heme oxygenase-1 pathway.
Accurate quantum chemical energies for tetrapeptide conformations: why MP2 data with an insufficient basis set should be handled with caution.
Management of chemotherapy-induced nausea and vomiting : focus on newer agents and new uses for older agents.
In vitro polyphenolics erythrocyte model and in vivo chicken embryo model revealed gallic acid to be a potential hemorrhage inducer: physicochemical action mechanisms.
Impact of quaternary structure dynamics on allosteric drug discovery.
Antioxidant activity of phytosteryl phenolates in different model systems.
Evaluation of antioxidant activities and chemical characterisation of staghorn sumac fruit (Rhus hirta L.).
Phenolics content and antioxidant and anti-inflammatory activities of legume fractions.
Inhibitory activity of Filipendula ulmaria constituents on recombinant human histidine decarboxylase.
Discovery of a novel series of quinolone α7 nicotinic acetylcholine receptor agonists.
Amino acid derived quinazolines as Rock/PKA inhibitors.
Human serum albumin-based design of a diflunisal prodrug.
Use of gene expression data to determine effects on gonad phenotype in japanese medaka after exposure to trenbolone or estradiol.
Absorption, distribution, and biotransformation of hexahydro-1,3,5-trinitro-1,3,5-triazine in B6C3F1 mice (Mus musculus).
Effect of bisphenol-A on insulin signal transduction and glucose oxidation in skeletal muscle of adult male albino rat.
Rutin- and Selenium-attenuated cadmium-induced testicular pathophysiology in rats.
The role of de novo catecholamine synthesis in mediating methylmercury-induced vesicular dopamine release from rat pheochromocytoma (PC12) cells.
Solubility-driven optimization of (pyridin-3-yl) benzoxazinyl-oxazolidinones leading to a promising antibacterial agent.
Activity of ponatinib against clinically-relevant AC220-resistant kinase domain mutants of FLT3-ITD.
Bisacylimidoselenocarbamates Cause G2/M Arrest Associated with the Modulation of CDK1 and Chk2 in Human Breast Cancer MCF-7 Cells.
A one-pot domino synthesis and discovery of highly functionalized dihydrobenzo[b]thiophenes as AChE inhibitors.
Synthesis and cytotoxicity of 3-aryl acrylic amide derivatives of the simplified saframycin-ecteinascidin skeleton prepared from l-dopa.
Upregulation of drug transporter expression by osteopontin in prostate cancer cells.
A combination strategy to inhibit Pim-1: synergism between noncompetitive and ATP-competitive inhibitors.
A population-based study of dosing and persistence with anti-dementia medications.
mGluR2 positive allosteric modulators: a patent review (2009 - present).
Effect of protein malnutrition on the metabolism and toxicity of cisplatin, 5-fluorouracil and mitomycin C in rat stomach.
Effect of serum on diesel exhaust particles (DEP)-induced apoptosis of airway epithelial cells in vitro.
Cerebrovascular Dilation via Selective Targeting of the Cholane Steroid-Recognition Site in the BK Channel β1-Subunit by a Novel Nonsteroidal Agent.
Assessment of the abuse liability of ABT-288, a novel histamine H3 receptor antagonist.
Unraveling a phosphorylation event in a folded protein by NMR spectroscopy: phosphorylation of the Pin1 WW domain by PKA.
Dissecting the relative contribution of OATP1B1-mediated uptake of xenobiotics into human hepatocytes using siRNA.
Serum free fatty acid levels in PCOS patients treated with glucophage, magnesium oxide and spironolactone.
Membranar effects exerted in vitro by polyphenols - quercetin, epigallocatechin gallate and curcumin - on HUVEC and Jurkat cells, relevant for diabetes mellitus.
Oral l-glutamine increases active GLP-1 (7-36) amide secretion and improves glycemic control in stretpozotocin-nicotinamide induced diabetic rats.
ZEB2 zinc-finger missense mutations lead to hypomorphic alleles and a mild Mowat-Wilson syndrome.
Corticotropin releasing factor and catecholamines enhance glutamatergic neurotransmission in the lateral subdivision of the central amygdala.
Environmental stress, oxytocin receptor gene (OXTR) polymorphism, and mental health following collective stress.
Identification of a SIRT1 mutation in a family with type 1 diabetes.
Melanoma targeting property of a Lu-177-labeled lactam bridge-cyclized alpha-MSH peptide.
Hinokitiol inhibits platelet activation ex vivo and thrombus formation in vivo.
Time-dependent effects of corticosterone on reward-based decision-making in a rodent model of the Iowa Gambling Task.
Novel 5-(benzyloxy)pyridin-2(1H)-one derivatives as potent c-Met inhibitors.
Design, Synthesis, and Pharmacological Characterization of Novel Endomorphin-1 Analogues as Extremely Potent μ-Opioid Agonists.
Age-Related Macular Degeneration-Associated Silent Polymorphisms in HtrA1 Impair Its Ability To Antagonize Insulin-Like Growth Factor 1.
Therapeutic effectiveness of botulinum neurotoxin A: Potent blockade of autonomic transmission by targeted cleavage of only the pertinent SNAP-25.
Dexamethasone-mediated changes in adipose triacylglycerol metabolism are exaggerated, not diminished, in the absence of a functional GR dimerization domain.
X-box binding protein 1 is essential for insulin regulation of pancreatic alpha cell function.
Toxicological profiles of selected synthetic cannabinoids showing high binding affinities to the cannabinoid receptor subtype CB1.
Curcuminoids Modulate Pro-Oxidant-Antioxidant Balance but not the Immune Response to Heat Shock Protein 27 and Oxidized LDL in Obese Individuals.
Influence of the Green Tea Leaf Extract on Neurotoxicity of Aluminium Chloride in Rats.
From synaptic spines to nuclear signaling: nuclear and synaptic actions of the amyloid precursor protein.
The influence of Goishi tea on adipocytokines in obese mice.
Steroidal glycosides from the bulbs of Fritillaria meleagris and their cytotoxic activities.
Gene silencing of TNF-alpha in a murine model of acute colitis using a modified cyclodextrin delivery system.
Curcumin attenuates allergic airway inflammation by regulation of CD4(+)CD25(+) regulatory T cells (Tregs)/Th17 balance in ovalbumin-sensitized mice.
Structural Basis for the ATP-Induced Isomerization of Kinesin.
Current perspectives on parathyroid hormone (PTH) and PTH-related protein (PTHrP) as bone anabolic therapies.
Pharmacotherapy for the core symptoms in autistic disorder: current status of the research.
Ectopic Thyroid Tissue in the Adrenal Gland: Report of 2 Cases with Pathogenetic Implications.
Synthesis of a DOTA (Gd(3+))-conjugate of proton-pump inhibitor pantoprazole for gastric wall imaging studies.
Acetylcholinesterase inhibition reveals endogenous nicotinic modulation of glutamate inputs to CA1 stratum radiatum interneurons in hippocampal slices.
A Nanogram Dose of the CYP3A Probe Substrate Midazolam to Evaluate Drug Interactions.
NAD(P)H : Quinone Oxidoreductase 1 Inducer Activity of Some Saudi Arabian Medicinal Plants.
Metabolism of Beclomethasone Dipropionate by Cytochrome P450 3A Enzymes.
Effect of the Potent Antiviral 1-Cinnamoyl-3,11-Dihydroxymeliacarpin on Cytokine Production by Murine Macrophages Stimulated with HSV-2.
Intestinal and hepatic first-pass extraction of the 11β-HSD1 inhibitor AMG 221 in rats with chronic vascular catheters.
Synthesis and selected immunological properties of substituted quino[3,2-b]benzo[1,4]thiazines.
Predictive factors of sensitivity to elisidepsin, a novel kahalalide f-derived marine compound.
Controlled Assembly of Gold Nanoparticles through Antibody Recognition: Study and Utilizing the Effect of Particle Size on Interparticle Distance.
Differential responses to ω-agatoxin IVA in murine frontal cortex and spinal cord derived neuronal networks.
Pharmacokinetic, neurochemical, stereological and neuropathological studies on the potential effects of paraquat in the substantia nigra pars compacta and striatum of male C57BL/6J mice.
FGFR4 genetic polymorphisms determine the chemotherapy response of Chinese patients with non-small cell lung cancer.
NMR characterisation of dynamics in solvates and desolvates of formoterol fumarate.
tert-Butylcarbamate-Containing Histone Deacetylase Inhibitors: Apoptosis Induction, Cytodifferentiation, and Antiproliferative Activities in Cancer Cells.
Discovery of a synthetic Aminopeptidase N inhibitor LB-4b as a potential anticancer agent.
Multipart Copolyelectrolyte Adhesive of the Sandcastle Worm, Phragmatopoma californica (Fewkes): Catechol Oxidase Catalyzed Curing through Peptidyl-DOPA.
Disruption of AtWNK8 Enhances Tolerance of Arabidopsis to Salt and Osmotic Stresses via Modulating Proline Content and Activities of Catalase and Peroxidase.
Neuroprotective Effects of Cilostazol on Retinal Ganglion Cell damage in Diabetic Rats.
Effects of lactational and/or in utero exposure to environmental contaminants on the glucocorticoid stress-response and DNA methylation of the glucocorticoid receptor promoter in male rats.
Systematic evaluation of 640 FDA drugs for their effect on CD4(+)Foxp3(+) regulatory T cells using a novel cell-based high throughput screening assay.
EZETIMIBE INCREASES HEPATIC IRON LEVELS IN MICE FED A HIGH-FAT DIET.
Androgen deprivation from pre-puberty to peripuberty interferes in proteins expression in pubertal and adult rat epididymis.
Discovery of a series of novel 5H-pyrrolo[2,3-b]pyrazine-2-phenyl ethers, as potent JAK3 kinase inhibitors.
Arsenic trioxide depletes cancer stem-like cells and inhibits repopulation of neurosphere derived from glioblastoma by downregulation of Notch pathway.
Total saponins of Panax notoginseng enhance VEGF and relative receptors signals and promote angiogenesis derived from rat bone marrow mesenchymal stem cells.
Ovarian Expression of Insulin-Like Peptide 3 (INSL3) and Its Receptor (RXFP2) During Development of Bovine Antral Follicles and Corpora Lutea and Measurement of Circulating INSL3 Levels During Synchronized Estrous Cycles.
Cytotoxicity and Modulation of Cancer-Related Signaling by (Z)- and (E)-3,4,3',5'-Tetramethoxystilbene Isolated from Eugenia rigida.
Genomic variation in the MAP3K5 gene is associated with β-thalassemia disease severity and hydroxyurea treatment efficacy.
Annexin A2 regulates β1 integrin internalization and intestinal epithelial cell migration.
Effects of fisetin supplementation on hepatic lipogenesis and glucose metabolism in Sprague-Dawley rats fed on a high fat diet.
Discovery of ML326: The first sub-micromolar, selective M5 PAM.
Improved Insulin Sensitivity despite Increased Visceral Adiposity in Mice Deficient for the Immune Cell Transcription Factor T-bet.
Evidence for a new mechanism behind HIFU-triggered release from liposomes.
DICO, a novel nonaromatic B-ring flavonoid, induces G2/M cell cycle arrest and apoptosis in human hepatoma cells.
Assessment of the role of flavonoids for inducing osteoblast differentiation in isolated mouse bone marrow derived mesenchymal stem cells.
S-nitrosation of glutathione transferase P1-1 is controlled by the conformation of a dynamic active-site helix.
Effect of N-acetyl cysteine (NAC), an organosulfur compound from Allium plants, on experimentally induced hepatic prefibrogenic events in wistar rat.
Phenolic compounds present in Sardinian wine extracts protect against the production of inflammatory cytokines induced by oxysterols in CaCo-2 human enterocyte-like cells.
Tandem Assays of Protein and Glucose with Functionalized Core/Shell Particles Based on Magnetic Separation and Surface-Enhanced Raman Scattering.
Relationship between serum thyrotropin levels and intrarenal hemodynamic parameters in euthyroid subjects.
A Physiologically-Based Pharmacokinetic Modelling Approach to Predict Disease-Drug Interactions: Suppression of CYP3A by IL-6.
A DPYD Variant (Y186C) in Individuals of African Ancestry Is Associated With Reduced DPD Enzyme Activity.
Arsenic inhibits autophagic flux activating the Nrf2-Keap1 pathway in a p62-dependent manner.
Melatonin and ethanol intake exert opposite effects on circulating estradiol and progesterone and differentially regulate sex steroid receptors in the ovaries, oviducts, and uteri of adult rats.
Phα1β toxin prevents capsaicin-induced nociceptive behavior and mechanical hypersensitivity without acting on TRPV1 channels.
Rescue of platinum-damaged oocytes from programmed cell death through inactivation of the p53 family signaling network.
Suppression of ZIP8 expression is a common feature of cadmium-resistant and manganese-resistant RBL-2H3 cells.
In Vitro Reconstitution of Complexes between proMatrix Metalloproteinase-9 and the Proteoglycans Serglycin and Versican.
Optimization of a 1,5-dihydrobenzo[b][1,4]diazepine-2,4-dione series of HIV capsid assembly inhibitors 2: Structure-activity relationships (SAR) of the C3-phenyl moiety.
Neuroactive effects of cotinine on the hippocampus: Behavioral and biochemical parameters.
Arsenic upregulates the expression of angiotensin II Type I receptor in mouse aortic endothelial cells.
Protective effects of selenium on oxidative damage and oxidative stress related gene expression in rat liver under chronic poisoning of arsenic.
Aldose Reductase Inhibitory Compounds from Xanthium strumarium.
Synthesis, cytotoxicity and QSAR study of N-tosyl-1,2,3,4-tetrahydroisoquinoline derivatives.
Hydrothermal Growth of TiO2 Nanorod Arrays and In Situ Conversion to Nanotube Arrays for Highly Efficient Quantum Dot-Sensitized Solar Cells.
Protective effect of ethyl acetate fraction of Acacia ferruginea DC. against ethanol-induced gastric ulcer in rats.
MAPKAPK2/3 Regulate SERCA2a Expression and Fiber Type Composition to Modulate Skeletal Muscle and Cardiomyocyte Function.
Human UGT2B10 in Drug N-glucuronidations: Substrate Screening and Comparison with UGT1A3 and UGT1A4.
Molecular Mechanisms of the antitumor activity of SB225002: A novel microtubule inhibitor.
Dimerized Glycosaminoglycan Chains Increase FGF Signaling during Zebrafish Development.
Caffeic Acid Phenethyl Ester Suppresses Proliferation and Survival of TW2.6 Human Oral Cancer Cells via Inhibition of Akt Signaling.
Concurrent Regulation of the Transcription Factors Nrf2 and ATF4 Mediates the Enhancement of Glutathione Levels by the Flavonoid Fisetin.
GALACTOSYLATED MICELLES FOR A RIBAVIRIN PRODRUG TARGETING TO HEPATOCYTES.
Molecular and functional characterization of flavin-containing monooxygenases in cynomolgus macaque.
Glomerular Filtration Rate Equations Overestimate Creatinine Clearance in Older Individuals Enrolled in the Baltimore Longitudinal Study on Aging: Impact on Renal Drug Dosing.
Effect of paraoxonase 1 192 Q/R polymorphism on paraoxonase and acetylcholinesterase enzyme activities in Turkish population exposed to organophosphate.
Store-operated Ca2+ Entry (SOCE) Induced by Protease-activated Receptor-1 mediates STIM1 Phosphorylation to inhibit SOCE in Endothelial Cells through AMP-activated Protein Kinase and p38beta Mitogen-activated Protein Kinase.
Scientific evidence for traditional claim of antiobesity activity of Tecomella undulata bark.
Steroid hormone synthesis in mitochondria.
Matrix Metalloproteinase Inhibitors Based on the 3-Mercaptopyrrolidine Core.
A Structural Snapshot of Cytochrome P450 2B4 in Complex with Paroxetine Provides Insights into Ligand Binding and Clusters of Conformational States.
Protective Role of (RS )-glucoraphanin Bioactivated with Myrosinase in an Experimental Model of Multiple Sclerosis.
Involvement of p-CREB and phase II detoxifying enzyme system in neuroprotection mediated by the flavonoid calycopterin isolated from Dracocephalum kotschyi.
Indoxyl 3-sulfate stimulates Th17 differentiation enhancing phosphorylation of c-Src and STAT3 to worsen experimental autoimmune encephalomyelitis.
Gene expression profiling and pathway analysis of hepatotoxicity induced by triptolide in Wistar rats.
TCDD induces the expression of insulin-like growth factor binding protein 4 in 5L rat hepatoma cells: a cautionary tale of the use of this cell line in studies on dioxin toxicity.
Glycosylation enhances the anti-migratory activities of isomalyngamide A analogs.
Inhibition of human breast cancer cell proliferation in tissue culture by the neuroleptic agents pimozide and thioridazine.
Effects of monoamine oxidase inhibitors on levels of catechols and homovanillic acid in striatum and plasma.
The decrease of catalase or esterase D activity in patients with microdeletions of 11p or 13q does not increase their radiosensitivity.
Developmental changes in lactate dehydrogenase-X activity in young jaundiced male rats.
Loperamide modifies but does not block the corticotropin-releasing hormone-induced ACTH response in patients with Addison's disease.
Self-cancellation of drug properties as a mode of organ selectivity: the antimuscarinic effects of ambenonium.
Comparison of ophthalmic beta-blocking agents.
Nucleotide sequence of the gene for human factor IX (antihemophilic factor B).
Purification and characterization of calcitonin receptors in rat kidney membranes by covalent cross-linking techniques.
Tyrosinase catalyzes an unusual oxidative decarboxylation of 3,4-dihydroxymandelate.
Effectors of the activation of human [Glu1]plasminogen by human tissue plasminogen activator.
Vitamin B12 responsive homocystinuria and megaloblastic anemia: heterogeneity in methylcobalamin deficiency.
Inactivation of factor XII active fragment in normal plasma. Predominant role of C-1-inhibitor.
Sodium-dependent norepinephrine-induced currents in norepinephrine-transporter-transfected HEK-293 cells blocked by cocaine and antidepressants.
TSG-6, an arthritis-associated hyaluronan binding protein, forms a stable complex with the serum protein inter-alpha-inhibitor.
Effects of nabumetone on prostanoid biosynthesis in humans.
Altered gene expression in murine branchial arches following in utero exposure to retinoic acid.
Estramustine binding protein in primary tumours and metastases of malignant melanoma.
Preclinical efficacy of emedastine, a potent, selective histamine H1 antagonist for topical ocular use.
ALL-1 gene rearrangements in DNA topoisomerase II inhibitor-related leukemia in children.
Interactions of PGH synthase isozymes-1 and -2 with NSAIDs.
Neurochemical mechanism of action of anorectic drugs.
Further characterization of 5-hydroxytryptamine receptors (putative 5-HT2B) in rat stomach fundus longitudinal muscle.
Cefepime: overview of activity in vitro and in vivo.
Phorbol esters and norepinephrine destabilize alpha 1B-adrenergic receptor mRNA in vascular smooth muscle cells.
Molecular cloning and functional expression of 5-HT1E-like rat and human 5-hydroxytryptamine receptor genes.
Response of nonreentrant catecholamine-mediated ventricular tachycardia to endogenous adenosine and acetylcholine. Evidence for myocardial receptor-mediated effects.
Amantadine induces c-fos in rat striatum: reversal with dopamine D1 and NMDA receptor antagonists.
[Inactivated factor VII exercises a powerful antithrombotic activity in an experimental model of recurrent arterial thrombosis].
Norepinephrine transporters have channel modes of conduction.
Mineralocorticoids, salt, hypertension: effects on the heart.
Amezinium and debrisoquine are substrates of uptake1 and potent inhibitors of monoamine oxidase in perfused lungs of rats.
Role of tachykinin and bradykinin receptors and mast cells in gaseous formaldehyde-induced airway microvascular leakage in rats.
Molecular determinants of dofetilide block of HERG K+ channels.
Testosterone versus testosterone and testolactone in treating reproductive and sexual dysfunction in men with epilepsy and hypogonadism.
Identification of binding sites for bepridil and trifluoperazine on cardiac troponin C.
Peripheral blood mononuclear cells express mutated NCCT mRNA in Gitelman's syndrome: evidence for abnormal thiazide-sensitive NaCl cotransport.
A case of therapy-related acute myeloblastic leukemia with t(16;21)(q24;q22) after chemotherapy with DNA-topoisomerase II inhibitors, etoposide and mitoxantrone, and the alkylating agent, cyclophosphamide.
Safety of selegiline (deprenyl) in the treatment of Parkinson's disease.
Ibuprofen inhibits cystic fibrosis transmembrane conductance regulator-mediated Cl- secretion.
Antagonism of meta-chlorophenylpiperazine-induced inhibition of exploratory activity in an emergence procedure, the open field test, in rats.
Pressor and bradycardic effects of tacrine and other acetylcholinesterase inhibitors in the rat.
State-dependent cocaine block of sodium channel isoforms, chimeras, and channels coexpressed with the beta1 subunit.
