Androgen antagonistic effect of estramustine phosphate (EMP) metabolites on wild-type and mutated androgen receptor.
Static Laue diffraction studies on acetylcholinesterase.
Synthesis of thrombin-inhibiting heparin mimetics without side effects.
Selective inhibition of cyclooxygenase 2 spares renal function and prostaglandin synthesis in cirrhotic rats with ascites.
Inhibition of cPLA2 translocation and leukotriene C4 secretion by fluticasone propionate in exogenously activated human eosinophils.
Desipramine treatment decreases 3H-nisoxetine binding and norepinephrine transporter mRNA in SK-N-SHSY5Y cells.
Inhibition of the human ether-a-go-go-related gene (HERG) potassium channel by cisapride: affinity for open and inactivated states.
Comparison of the novel antipsychotic ziprasidone with clozapine and olanzapine: inhibition of dorsal raphe cell firing and the role of 5-HT1A receptor activation.
Reduction of oral ethanol self-administration in rats by monoamine oxidase inhibitors.
Decreased intracellular proteolysis correlates with the maintenance of a specific isoenzyme of cytochrome P-450.
A novel mutation of the erythroid-specific gamma-Aminolevulinate synthase gene in a patient with non-inherited pyridoxine-responsive sideroblastic anemia.
Preferential cerebrospinal fluid acetylcholinesterase inhibition by rivastigmine in humans.
Identification of amino acids in the factor XI apple 3 domain required for activation of factor IX.
Agonist and antagonist actions of yohimbine as compared to fluparoxan at alpha(2)-adrenergic receptors (AR)s, serotonin (5-HT)(1A), 5-HT(1B), 5-HT(1D) and dopamine D(2) and D(3) receptors. Significance for the modulation of frontocortical monoaminergic transmission and depressive states.
The antitussive activity of delta-opioid receptor stimulation in guinea pigs.
COX-2-specific inhibition: implications for clinical practice.
Kinetics of inhibition of human and rat dihydroorotate dehydrogenase by atovaquone, lawsone derivatives, brequinar sodium and polyporic acid.
Sodium channel blockers identify risk for sudden death in patients with ST-segment elevation and right bundle branch block but structurally normal hearts.
Determinants of voltage-dependent inactivation affect Mibefradil block of calcium channels.
Use of tranexamic acid for an effective blood conservation strategy after total knee arthroplasty.
Correlations between serotonin level and single-cell firing in the rat's nucleus raphe magnus.
The Hsp90-specific inhibitor geldanamycin selectively disrupts kinase-mediated signaling events of T-lymphocyte activation.
Carnitine biosynthesis. Purification of gamma-butyrobetaine hydroxylase from rat liver.
Aspirin and sodium salicylate inhibit endothelin ETA receptors by an allosteric type of mechanism.
A unique cytosolic activity related but distinct from NQO1 catalyses metabolic activation of mitomycin C.
Troglitazone reduces plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 expression and secretion in cultured human adipocytes.
Effect of JTH-601, a novel alpha(1)-adrenoceptor antagonist, on prostate function in dogs.
Severe impairment of salivation in Na+/K+/2Cl- cotransporter (NKCC1)-deficient mice.
Evaluation of in vivo binding properties of 3H-NMPB and 3H-QNB in mouse brain.
Impaired expression of the uncoupling protein-3 gene in skeletal muscle during lactation: fibrates and troglitazone reverse lactation-induced downregulation of the uncoupling protein-3 gene.
The apoptosome: heart and soul of the cell death machine.
Retigabine, a novel anti-convulsant, enhances activation of KCNQ2/Q3 potassium channels.
Serotonin transporter gene regulatory region polymorphism (5-HTTLPR), [3H]paroxetine binding in healthy control subjects and alcohol-dependent patients and their relationships to impulsivity.
Arachidonic acid and nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs induce conformational changes in the human prostaglandin endoperoxide H2 synthase-2 (cyclooxygenase-2).
Suppression of NF-kappaB activity by sulfasalazine is mediated by direct inhibition of IkappaB kinases alpha and beta.
Biochemistry of cyclooxygenase (COX)-2 inhibitors and molecular pathology of COX-2 in neoplasia.
The aromatic-L-amino acid decarboxylase inhibitor carbidopa is selectively cytotoxic to human pulmonary carcinoid and small cell lung carcinoma cells.
Hexahydrochromeno[4,3-b]pyrrole derivatives as acetylcholinesterase inhibitors.
Brugada syndrome without mutation of the cardiac sodium channel gene in a Taiwanese patient.
Breakdown of Th cell immune responses and steroidogenic CYP11A1 expression in CD4+ T cells in a murine model implanted with B16 melanoma.
A nonsense mutation in the NDUFS4 gene encoding the 18 kDa (AQDQ) subunit of complex I abolishes assembly and activity of the complex in a patient with Leigh-like syndrome.
Glucagon-like peptide (GLP)-2 reduces chemotherapy-associated mortality and enhances cell survival in cells expressing a transfected GLP-2 receptor.
On the relationship between the dopamine transporter and the reinforcing effects of local anesthetics in rhesus monkeys: practical and theoretical concerns.
Contribution of the Na+-K+-2Cl- cotransporter NKCC1 to Cl- secretion in rat OMCD.
Evidence for genetic heterogeneity of pseudohypoaldosteronism type 1: identification of a novel mutation in the human mineralocorticoid receptor in one sporadic case and no mutations in two autosomal dominant kindreds.
The broad-spectrum anti-emetic activity of AS-8112, a novel dopamine D2, D3 and 5-HT3 receptors antagonist.
Heparin-binding exosite of factor Xa.
Rofecoxib: a review of its use in the management of osteoarthritis, acute pain and rheumatoid arthritis.
Clinical, biochemical and molecular genetic data in five children with Gitelman's syndrome.
Peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor subtype-specific regulation of hepatic and peripheral gene expression in the Zucker diabetic fatty rat.
Serotonergic effects and extracellular brain levels of eletriptan, zolmitriptan and sumatriptan in rat brain.
Urokinase plasminogen activator and plasmin efficiently convert hemofiltrate CC chemokine 1 into its active.
Cembranoid and long-chain alkanol sites on the nicotinic acetylcholine receptor and their allosteric interaction.
Sulfasalazine, a potent suppressor of lymphoma growth by inhibition of the x(c)- cystine transporter: a new action for an old drug.
Advances in antihypertensive combination therapy: benefits of low-dose thiazide diuretics in conjunction with omapatrilat, a vasopeptidase inhibitor.
Neonatal red blood cells: amiloride-insensitive Na+-H+ transport isoform would express Na+-Li+ exchange.
Aspirin and salicylate bind to immunoglobulin heavy chain binding protein (BiP) and inhibit its ATPase activity in human fibroblasts.
Compensatory changes in enzymes of arginine metabolism during renal hypertrophy in mice.
Analgesia and COX-2 inhibition.
[3H]dofetilide binding to HERG transfected membranes: a potential high throughput preclinical screen.
Effects of the antidepressant/antipanic drug phenelzine on alanine and alanine transaminase in rat brain.
Nicotine-induced contraction in the rat coronary artery: possible involvement of the endothelium, reactive oxygen species and COX-1 metabolites.
Efficacy and safety of the factor VIII/von Willebrand factor concentrate, haemate-P/humate-P: ristocetin cofactor unit dosing in patients with von Willebrand disease.
Differential binding mode of diverse cyclooxygenase inhibitors.
Pure antiestrogens and breast cancer.
Hepatotoxicity of commonly used drugs: nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs, antihypertensives, antidiabetic agents, anticonvulsants, lipid-lowering agents, psychotropic drugs.
Pharmacological, pharmacokinetic and clinical properties of olopatadine hydrochloride, a new antiallergic drug.
Serotonin transporter polymorphisms and measures of impulsivity, aggression, and sensation seeking among African-American cocaine-dependent individuals.
A molecular mechanism of action of theophylline: Induction of histone deacetylase activity to decrease inflammatory gene expression.
Interactions of rifamycin SV and rifampicin with organic anion uptake systems of human liver.
Metformin increases AMP-activated protein kinase activity in skeletal muscle of subjects with type 2 diabetes.
Thalidomide prevents alcoholic liver injury in rats through suppression of Kupffer cell sensitization and TNF-alpha production.
Identification and characterization of a novel flavin-containing spermine oxidase of mammalian cell origin.
Low incidence of paradoxical platelet activation by glycoprotein IIb/IIIa inhibitors.
Toxic, halogenated cysteine S-conjugates and targeting of mitochondrial enzymes of energy metabolism.
A heterozygote phenotype is present in the jvs +/- mutant mouse livers.
Organic cation transporter mRNA and function in the rat superior cervical ganglion.
Neuroprotection by propargylamines in Parkinson's disease: suppression of apoptosis and induction of prosurvival genes.
Pharmacodynamics and pharmacokinetics of phenylbutazone in calves.
Practical asymmetric synthesis of aprepitant, a potent human NK-1 receptor antagonist, via a stereoselective Lewis acid-catalyzed trans acetalization reaction.
Signaling through Gi family members in platelets. Redundancy and specificity in the regulation of adenylyl cyclase and other effectors.
Effects of pentosan polysulfate sodium on the estrogen-induced pituitary prolactinoma in Fischer 344 rats.
Localization of the ammonium transporter proteins RhBG and RhCG in mouse kidney.
Phosphodiesterase type 5 as a pharmacologic target in erectile dysfunction.
Study of the nematode putative GABA type-A receptor subunits: evidence for modulation by ivermectin.
Yohimbine dimers exhibiting selectivity for the human alpha 2C-adrenoceptor subtype.
Plasmacytoid dendritic cells produce cytokines and mature in response to the TLR7 agonists, imiquimod and resiquimod.
Induction of heat shock proteins (HSPs) by sodium arsenite in cultured astrocytes and reduction of hydrogen peroxide-induced cell death.
Investigation of bradykinin metabolism in human and rat plasma in the presence of the dual ACE/NEP inhibitors GW660511X and omapatrilat.
Activity of opioid ligands in cells expressing cloned mu opioid receptors.
Ventricular tachyarrhythmias in a canine model of LQT3: arrhythmogenic effects of sympathetic activity and therapeutic effects of mexiletine.
Butyrylcholinesterase: an important new target in Alzheimer's disease therapy.
A low toxicity maintenance regime, using eicosapentaenoic acid and readily available drugs, for mantle cell lymphoma and other malignancies with excess cyclin D1 levels.
Angiotensin AT1 receptor antagonist losartan and the defence reaction in the anaesthetised rat. Effect on the carotid chemoreflex.
Defective processing of the transforming growth factor-beta1 in azoxymethane-induced mouse colon tumors.
Inhibition by pentosan polysulfate (PPS) of heparin-binding growth factors released from tumor cells and blockage by PPS of tumor growth in animals.
Binding and GTPgammaS autoradiographic analysis of preproorphanin precursor peptide products at the ORL1 and opioid receptors.
Tethered dimers as NAD synthetase inhibitors with antibacterial activity.
Blockade of LTC4 synthesis caused by additive inhibition of gIV-PLA2 phosphorylation: Effect of salmeterol and PDE4 inhibition in human eosinophils.
A phase 1 study of tazarotene in adults with advanced cancer.
Anabolic effects of clenbuterol on skeletal muscle are mediated by beta 2-adrenoceptor activation.
Evidence that an alpha 2A-adrenoceptor subtype mediates antinociception in mice.
Crystal structure of serine dehydratase from rat liver.
Epidermal growth factor receptor autocrine signaling in RIE-1 cells transformed by the Ras oncogene enhances radiation resistance.
Characterization of beta 3-adrenoceptor-mediated relaxation in rat abdominal aorta smooth muscle.
Use of the norepinephrine transporter as a reporter gene for non-invasive imaging of genetically modified cells.
Comparative pharmacology of human beta-adrenergic receptor subtypes--characterization of stably transfected receptors in CHO cells.
Ocular hypotensive FP prostaglandin (PG) analogs: PG receptor subtype binding affinities and selectivities, and agonist potencies at FP and other PG receptors in cultured cells.
Loss of beta-adrenoceptor response in myocytes overexpressing the Na+/Ca(2+)-exchanger.
Manipulation of kinetic profiles in 2-aryl propionic acid cyclooxygenase inhibitors.
Effects of the EGFR/HER2 kinase inhibitor GW572016 on EGFR- and HER2-overexpressing breast cancer cell line proliferation, radiosensitization, and resistance.
Aquaporin-1 deletion reduces osmotic water permeability and cerebrospinal fluid production.
Metformin, but not leptin, regulates AMP-activated protein kinase in pancreatic islets: impact on glucose-stimulated insulin secretion.
A novel retinoic acid-responsive element regulates retinoic acid-induced BLR1 expression.
The persistent membrane retention of desipramine causes lasting inhibition of norepinephrine transporter function.
AT1-receptor antagonism in hypertension: what has been learned with irbesartan?
Binding of (-)-[3H]-CGP12177 at two sites in recombinant human beta 1-adrenoceptors and interaction with beta-blockers.
Imiquimod, a Toll-like receptor-7 agonist, induces perforin in cytotoxic T lymphocytes in vitro.
Caffeine as a psychomotor stimulant: mechanism of action.
Mesenteric artery remodeling and effects of imidapril and irbesartan on it in spontaneously hypertensive rats.
Clinical assessment of norepinephrine transporter blockade through biochemical and pharmacological profiles.
Auranofin increases apoptosis and ischaemia-reperfusion injury in the rat isolated heart.
Gallium and other main group metal compounds as antitumor agents.
The synaptic vesicle protein SV2A is the binding site for the antiepileptic drug levetiracetam.
Electrophysiological properties of mouse horizontal cell GABAA receptors.
Decreased histamine H1 receptor binding in the brain of depressed patients.
Central effects of fexofenadine and cetirizine: measurement of psychomotor performance, subjective sleepiness, and brain histamine H1-receptor occupancy using 11C-doxepin positron emission tomography.
A novel membrane sensor for histamine H1-receptor antagonist "fexofenadine".
Thymidylate synthase: a critical target in cancer therapy?
[Pharmacological treatment of obesity].
Viability assessment in sandwich-cultured rat hepatocytes after xenobiotic exposure.
Valdecoxib: assessment of cyclooxygenase-2 potency and selectivity.
An angiotensin II AT1 receptor antagonist, telmisartan augments glucose uptake and GLUT4 protein expression in 3T3-L1 adipocytes.
Pharmacogenetic differences in response to albuterol between Puerto Ricans and Mexicans with asthma.
Tyrosinase inhibitors from Rhododendron collettianum and their structure-activity relationship (SAR) studies.
In vivo activity of the potent oxytocin antagonist on uterine activity in the rat.
Preclinical pharmacology of lumiracoxib: a novel selective inhibitor of cyclooxygenase-2.
Cloning, sequencing, structural and molecular biological characterization of placental protein 20 (PP20)/human thiamin pyrophosphokinase (hTPK).
Safety and tolerability of denufosol tetrasodium inhalation solution, a novel P2Y2 receptor agonist: results of a phase 1/phase 2 multicenter study in mild to moderate cystic fibrosis.
The dextromethorphan analog dimemorfan attenuates kainate-induced seizures via sigma1 receptor activation: comparison with the effects of dextromethorphan.
Binding domains of the oxytocin receptor for the selective oxytocin receptor antagonist barusiban in comparison to the agonists oxytocin and carbetocin.
Neonatal epileptic encephalopathy caused by mutations in the PNPO gene encoding pyridox(am)ine 5'-phosphate oxidase.
Effect of 5-azacytidine and procainamide on CD3-zeta chain expression in Jurkat T cells.
Changes in gene expression associated with loss of function of the NSDHL sterol dehydrogenase in mouse embryonic fibroblasts.
Rapid quantitation of plasma 2'-deoxyuridine by high-performance liquid chromatography/atmospheric pressure chemical ionization mass spectrometry and its application to pharmacodynamic studies in cancer patients.
Induction of heparin-binding EGF-like growth factor and activation of EGF receptor in imatinib mesylate-treated squamous carcinoma cells.
Epithelioid gastrointestinal stromal tumor with PDGFRA activating mutation and immunoreactivity.
Genetic polymorphism and activities of human lung alcohol and aldehyde dehydrogenases: implications for ethanol metabolism and cytotoxicity.
Simvastatin induces interleukin-18 production in human peripheral blood mononuclear cells.
COX-1 and COX-2 inhibition in horse blood by phenylbutazone, flunixin, carprofen and meloxicam: an in vitro analysis.
Carvedilol prevents cardiac hypertrophy and overexpression of hypoxia-inducible factor-1alpha and vascular endothelial growth factor in pressure-overloaded rat heart.
Imatinib resistance in gastrointestinal stromal tumors.
Evaluation of histamine H1-, H2-, and H3-receptor ligands at the human histamine H4 receptor: identification of 4-methylhistamine as the first potent and selective H4 receptor agonist.
Novel agents that potentially inhibit irinotecan-induced diarrhea.
Crystal structure of pyridoxal kinase in complex with roscovitine and derivatives.
Gastric mucin secretion in response to beta-adrenergic G protein-coupled receptor activation is mediated by SRC kinase-dependent epidermal growth factor receptor transactivation.
Losartan: a selective angiotensin II type 1 (AT1) receptor antagonist for the treatment of heart failure.
Effect of amrinone on tumor necrosis factor production in endotoxic shock.
Age-dependent changes of pyridoxal phosphate synthesizing enzymes immunoreactivities and activities in the gerbil hippocampal CA1 region.
Functional characteristics of H+ -dependent nicotinate transport in primary cultures of astrocytes from rat cerebral cortex.
A review of the structural and functional features of olmesartan medoxomil, an angiotensin receptor blocker.
Effects of granulocyte colony-stimulating factor (G-CSF) and neutrophil elastase inhibitor (ONO-5046) on acid-induced lung injury in rats.
Guidance on the use of miglustat for treating patients with type 1 Gaucher disease.
Nicotinic-receptor potentiator drugs, huprine X and galantamine, increase ACh release by blocking AChE activity but not acting on nicotinic receptors.
Rat hepatic stellate cells become retinoid unresponsive during activation.
Protein kinase C potentiates homologous desensitization of the beta2-adrenoceptor in bovine tracheal smooth muscle.
Overview of monoclonal antibodies and small molecules targeting the epidermal growth factor receptor pathway in colorectal cancer.
Isolation and function of the amino acid transporter PAT1 (slc36a1) from rabbit and discrimination between transport via PAT1 and system IMINO in renal brush-border membrane vesicles.
Antidepressants suppress production of the Th1 cytokine interferon-gamma, independent of monoamine transporter blockade.
Effect of cyproheptadine on serum leptin levels.
Comparison of captopril and enalapril to study the role of the sulfhydryl-group in improvement of endothelial dysfunction with ACE inhibitors in high dieted methionine mice.
Preclinical and clinical development of the oral multikinase inhibitor sorafenib in cancer treatment.
A selective retinoid X receptor agonist bexarotene (LGD1069, targretin) inhibits angiogenesis and metastasis in solid tumours.
DRD2 promoter region variation as a predictor of sustained response to antipsychotic medication in first-episode schizophrenia patients.
Intrauterine pressure, ischemia markers, and experienced pain during administration of a vasopressin V1a receptor antagonist in spontaneous and vasopressin-induced dysmenorrhea.
Thymidylate synthase expression in resectable and unresectable pancreatic cancer: role as predictive or prognostic marker?
Enzymatic and biochemical properties of a novel human serine dehydratase isoform.
Multiple enzyme inhibitions by histamine H3 receptor antagonists as potential procognitive agents.
Chemotherapy and targeted therapy combinations in advanced melanoma.
Lipid specific activation of the murine P4-ATPase Atp8a1 (ATPase II).
Pneumocystis jiroveci pneumonia in a patient with rheumatoid arthritis as a complication of treatment with infliximab, anti-tumor necrosis factor alpha neutralizing antibody.
High-mannose-type glycan modifications of dihydrofolate reductase using glycan-methotrexate conjugates.
NMDA receptors are not alone: dynamic regulation of NMDA receptor structure and function by neuregulins and transient cholesterol-rich membrane domains leads to disease-specific nuances of glutamate-signalling.
Sorafenib: recent update on activity as a single agent and in combination with interferon-alpha2 in patients with advanced-stage renal cell carcinoma.
Hydrogen sulfide inhibits nitric oxide production and nuclear factor-kappaB via heme oxygenase-1 expression in RAW264.7 macrophages stimulated with lipopolysaccharide.
Effect of chronic renal failure on arginase and argininosuccinate synthetase expression.
Epratuzumab, a CD22-targeting recombinant humanized antibody with a different mode of action from rituximab.
Vasopressin antagonists as aquaretic agents for the treatment of hyponatremia.
Sedation and histamine H1-receptor antagonism: studies in man with the enantiomers of chlorpheniramine and dimethindene.
Anti-clastogenic effect of beta-glucan extracted from barley towards chemically induced DNA damage in rodent cells.
Association of DRD2 polymorphisms and chlorpromazine-induced extrapyramidal syndrome in Chinese schizophrenic patients.
Activity-dependent cleavage of brain glutamic acid decarboxylase 65 by calpain.
Therapeutic targets in melanoma: map kinase pathway.
Reduction of cerebral infarct size by the AT1-receptor blocker candesartan, the HMG-CoA reductase inhibitor rosuvastatin and their combination. An experimental study in rats.
ABCA12 is the major harlequin ichthyosis gene.
Phosphorylation and up-regulation of diacylglycerol kinase gamma via its interaction with protein kinase C gamma.
Differences in conformational stability between native and phosphorylated acetylcholinesterase as evidenced by a monoclonal antibody.
Effects of folic acid deficiency and MTHFR C677T polymorphism on spontaneous and radiation-induced micronuclei in human lymphocytes.
Antifungal agents: mode of action in yeast cells.
D-myo-inositol 1-phosphate as a surrogate of D-myo-inositol 1,4,5-tris phosphate to monitor G protein-coupled receptor activation.
Non-enzymatic interactions of glyoxylate with lysine, arginine, and glucosamine: a study of advanced non-enzymatic glycation like compounds.
Cortisol metabolism in hypertension.
PPARgamma controls CD1d expression by turning on retinoic acid synthesis in developing human dendritic cells.
Ramelteon: a novel hypnotic lacking abuse liability and sedative adverse effects.
Inhibition of cardiac voltage-gated sodium channels by grape polyphenols.
Enhancement of radiosensitivity by topoisomerase II inhibitor, amrubicin and amrubicinol, in human lung adenocarcinoma A549 cells and kinetics of apoptosis and necrosis induction.
Interaction of nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAID) with Helicobacter pylori in the stomach of humans and experimental animals.
The effect of a novel transition state inhibitor of methylthioadenosine phosphorylase on pemetrexed activity.
Sulfonylureas and glinides exhibit peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor gamma activity: a combined virtual screening and biological assay approach.
PGE(1) stimulation of HEK293 cells generates multiple contiguous domains with different [cAMP]: role of compartmentalized phosphodiesterases.
DNA topoisomerase IIalpha (TOP2A) inhibitors up-regulate fatty acid synthase gene expression in SK-Br3 breast cancer cells: in vitro evidence for a 'functional amplicon' involving FAS, Her-2/neu and TOP2A genes.
Mifepristone alters expression of endometrial steroid receptors and their cofactors in new users of medroxyprogesterone acetate.
Characterization of the molecular mechanisms involved in the increased insulin secretion in rats with acute liver failure.
Cysteinyl leukotriene receptor 1 is involved in N-methyl-D-aspartate-mediated neuronal injury in mice.
Bcl-2 phosphorylation has pathological significance in human breast cancer.
Studies on the mechanism of arterial vasodilation produced by the novel antihypertensive agent, carvedilol.
Clinical, biochemical and molecular diagnosis of a compound homozygote for the 254 bp deletion-8 bp insertion of the APRT gene suffering from severe renal failure.
Phospholipase Cgamma1 negatively regulates growth hormone signalling by forming a ternary complex with Jak2 and protein tyrosine phosphatase-1B.
Increased responsiveness of rat colonic splanchnic afferents to 5-HT after inflammation and recovery.
The role of extranuclear signaling actions of progesterone receptor in mediating progesterone regulation of gene expression and the cell cycle.
Seizures and enhanced cortical GABAergic inhibition in two mouse models of human autosomal dominant nocturnal frontal lobe epilepsy.
Molecular recognition of histidine tRNA by histidyl-tRNA synthetase from hyperthermophilic archaeon, Aeropyrum pernix K1.
Synthesis, radiosynthesis, and biological evaluation of carbon-11 labeled 2beta-carbomethoxy-3beta-(3'-((Z)-2-haloethenyl)phenyl)nortropanes: candidate radioligands for in vivo imaging of the serotonin transporter with positron emission tomography.
Pharmacokinetics of olmesartan medoxomil plus hydrochlorothiazide combination in healthy subjects.
Effect of cromolyn on S100P interactions with RAGE and pancreatic cancer growth and invasion in mouse models.
Genetic polymorphisms in the cyclooxygenase-2 gene, use of nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs, and breast cancer risk.
Biosynthesis of selenocysteine on its tRNA in eukaryotes.
Effects of triflusal and aspirin in a rat model of cerebral ischemia.
Differential expression of glycans in the hippocampus of rats trained on an inhibitory learning paradigm.
Glutamate stimulates glutamate receptor interacting protein 1 degradation by ubiquitin-proteasome system to regulate surface expression of GluR2.
Transgenic expression of the human Vitamin D receptor (hVDR) in the duodenum of VDR-null mice attenuates the age-dependent decline in calcium absorption.
The inhibitory effect of the leukotriene receptor antagonist on leukotriene D4-induced MUC2/5AC gene expression and mucin secretion in human airway epithelial cells.
Effect of isolated isoflavone supplementation on ABCA1-dependent cholesterol efflux potential in postmenopausal women.
The ability of sorafenib to inhibit oncogenic PDGFRbeta and FLT3 mutants and overcome resistance to other small molecule inhibitors.
Glucocorticoids stimulate ENaC upregulation in bovine mammary epithelium.
Salicylate-based anti-inflammatory drugs inhibit the early lesion of diabetic retinopathy.
Localization of an 11 beta hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase activity to the distal nephron. Evidence for the existence of two species of dehydrogenase in the rat kidney.
Effect of long-term fluoxetine treatment on the human serotonin transporter in Caco-2 cells.
Roles played by lymphocyte function-associated antigen-1 in the regulation of lymphocytic cholinergic activity.
Association of estrogen receptor-alpha and progesterone receptor A expression with hormonal mammary carcinogenesis: role of the host microenvironment.
Transplacental exposure to inorganic arsenic at a hepatocarcinogenic dose induces fetal gene expression changes in mice indicative of aberrant estrogen signaling and disrupted steroid metabolism.
A pilot study of IL-1 inhibition by anakinra in acute gout.
Structural basis of inhibition of the human NAD+-dependent deacetylase SIRT5 by suramin.
Metabolic derangement of methionine and folate metabolism in mice deficient in methionine synthase reductase.
Metformin and phenformin activate AMP-activated protein kinase in the heart by increasing cytosolic AMP concentration.
The role of glutathione transferases M1 and T1 in individual susceptibility to bladder cancer in a Tunisian population.
Characterization of 5-hydroxytryptamine1B receptors in rat spinal cord via [125I]iodocyanopindolol binding and inhibition of [3H]-5-hydroxytryptamine release.
Histamine H1 receptor involvement in prepulse inhibition and memory function: relevance for the antipsychotic actions of clozapine.
Inhibition of phosphatidylserine biosynthesis in developing rat brain by maternal exposure to ethanol.
Regulation of gluconeogenesis by Kruppel-like factor 15.
D-glucose stimulation of L-arginine transport and nitric oxide synthesis results from activation of mitogen-activated protein kinases p42/44 and Smad2 requiring functional type II TGF-beta receptors in human umbilical vein endothelium.
n-3 and n-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids induce the expression of COX-2 via PPARgamma activation in human keratinocyte HaCaT cells.
Methylation-mediated silencing of genes is not altered by selenium treatment of prostate cancer cells.
Nebulized arformoterol in patients with COPD: a 12-week, multicenter, randomized, double-blind, double-dummy, placebo- and active-controlled trial.
Discovery of acetyl-coenzyme A carboxylase 2 inhibitors: comparison of a fluorescence intensity-based phosphate assay and a fluorescence polarization-based ADP Assay for high-throughput screening.
Retinoic acid is required for specification of the ventral eye field and for Rathke's pouch in the avian embryo.
Distinct patterns of mutations occurring in de novo AML versus AML arising in the setting of severe congenital neutropenia.
Biology of incretins: GLP-1 and GIP.
[Characteristics of A-interferon-generated dendritic cells in patients with pulmonary tuberculosis].
Aripiprazole acts as a selective dopamine D2 receptor partial agonist.
Pharmacological therapy of Cushing's syndrome: drugs and indications.
Cannabinoid CB1 receptors in the paraventricular nucleus and central control of penile erection: immunocytochemistry, autoradiography and behavioral studies.
Activation of human platelets by misfolded proteins.
RDH12, a retinol dehydrogenase causing Leber's congenital amaurosis, is also involved in steroid metabolism.
Alteration of gastric functions and candidate genes associated with weight reduction in response to sibutramine.
Multiple rat brain calpastatin forms are produced by distinct starting points and alternative splicing of the N-terminal exons.
An investigation of the absolute configuration of the potent histamine H3 receptor antagonist GT-2331 using vibrational circular dichroism.
Allosteric interaction of the neuromuscular blockers vecuronium and pancuronium with recombinant human muscarinic M2 receptors.
Hydrogen peroxide-mediated oxidative stress disrupts calcium binding on calmodulin: more evidence for oxidative stress in vitiligo.
The genetic interaction between VKORC1 c1173t and calumenin a29809g modulates the anticoagulant response of acenocoumarol.
Characterization of the nitrosyl adduct of substrate-bound mouse cysteine dioxygenase by electron paramagnetic resonance: electronic structure of the active site and mechanistic implications.
Ligand-dependent transcriptional activities of four torafugu pufferfish Takifugu rubripes peroxisome proliferator-activated receptors.
Combination chemotherapy with a substance P receptor antagonist (aprepitant) and melarsoprol in a mouse model of human African trypanosomiasis.
Identification of the RLBP1 gene promoter.
Determination of dimethylarginine dimethylaminohydrolase activity in the kidney.
The role of trastuzumab in early stage breast cancer: current data and treatment recommendations.
Stimulation of N-methyl-D-aspartate receptors modulates Jurkat T cell growth and adhesion to fibronectin.
Desvenlafaxine succinate identifies novel antagonist binding determinants in the human norepinephrine transporter.
[Lipoprotein(a): a link between thrombogenesis and atherogenesis].
Sunitinib, sorafenib and mTOR inhibitors in renal cancer.
Management of psoriasis: the position of retinoid drugs.
Comprehensive review of rasagiline, a second-generation monoamine oxidase inhibitor, for the treatment of Parkinson's disease.
Mutation of Gly721 alters DNA topoisomerase I active site architecture and sensitivity to camptothecin.
Characterization of the substrate mimic bound to engineered prostacyclin synthase in solution using high-resolution NMR spectroscopy and mutagenesis: implication of the molecular mechanism in biosynthesis of prostacyclin.
Type 2 diabetes and oral antihyperglycemic drugs.
Asenapine: a novel psychopharmacologic agent with a unique human receptor signature.
Current and future prospects for anticoagulant therapy: inhibitors of factor Xa and factor IIa.
Triple pharmacological blockade of the renin-angiotensin-aldosterone system in nondiabetic CKD: an open-label crossover randomized controlled trial.
Porcine TLR8 and TLR7 are both activated by a selective TLR7 ligand, imiquimod.
High-affinity blockade of voltage-operated skeletal muscle and neuronal sodium channels by halogenated propofol analogues.
Irbesartan: a review of its use in hypertension and diabetic nephropathy.
DNA damage and homologous recombination signaling induced by thymidylate deprivation.
Corticosteroids and human recombinant activated protein C for septic shock.
Adipose tissue as a source of nicotinamide N-methyltransferase and homocysteine.
Expression and 1,4-dihydropyridine-binding properties of brain L-type calcium channel isoforms.
Global target profile of the kinase inhibitor bosutinib in primary chronic myeloid leukemia cells.
The effect of estramustine derivatives on microtubule assembly in vitro depends on the charge of the substituent.
Analysis of coenzyme binding by human placental 3 beta-hydroxy-5-ene-steroid dehydrogenase and steroid 5----4-ene-isomerase using 5'-[p-(fluorosulfonyl)benzoyl]adenosine, an affinity labeling cofactor analog.
Tyrosine kinase blockers: new hope for successful cancer therapy.
Transdermal selegiline for the treatment of major depressive disorder.
Atomoxetine: a review of its use in attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder in children and adolescents.
Novel inhibitors complexed with glutamate dehydrogenase: allosteric regulation by control of protein dynamics.
The effect of a peripheral block on inflammation-induced prostaglandin E2 and cyclooxygenase expression in rats.
Two pharmacologically distinct alpha 1-adrenoceptor subtypes in the contraction of rabbit aorta: each subtype couples with a different Ca2+ signalling mechanism and plays a different physiological role.
Ambrisentan for the treatment of pulmonary arterial hypertension.
Design, synthesis, and in-vivo evaluation of 4,5-diaryloxazole as novel nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug.
Breast cancer and steroid metabolizing enzymes: the role of progestogens.
Mechanism of right precordial ST-segment elevation in structural heart disease: excitation failure by current-to-load mismatch.
Combination therapy with mitiglinide and voglibose improves glycemic control in type 2 diabetic patients on hemodialysis.
A fluorescence resonance energy transfer-based M2 muscarinic receptor sensor reveals rapid kinetics of allosteric modulation.
A molecular mechanism for ibuprofen-mediated RhoA inhibition in neurons.
Comparative efficacy and safety of the novel oral anticoagulants dabigatran, rivaroxaban and apixaban in preclinical and clinical development.
Captopril directly inhibits matrix metalloproteinase-2 activity in continuous ambulatory peritoneal dialysis therapy.
Phenformin has a direct inhibitory effect on the ATP-sensitive potassium channel.
Comparison of the pharmacological effects of paricalcitol and doxercalciferol on the factors involved in mineral homeostasis.
Identification of a primary target of thalidomide teratogenicity.
A dilated cardiomyopathy troponin C mutation lowers contractile force by reducing strong myosin-actin binding.
Zolmitriptan and human aggression: interaction with alcohol.
New standards in hypertension and cardiovascular risk management: focus on telmisartan.
Jostling for position: optimizing linker location in the design of estrogen receptor-targeting PROTACs.
C677T polymorphism of the methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase gene does not affect folic acid, vitamin B12, and homocysteine serum levels in Turkish children with neural tube defects.
The selectivity of beta-adrenoceptor agonists at human beta1-, beta2- and beta3-adrenoceptors.
Rasagiline: a novel anti-Parkinsonian monoamine oxidase-B inhibitor with neuroprotective activity.
Resistance to thyroid hormone due to a novel thyroid hormone receptor mutant in a patient with hypothyroidism secondary to lingual thyroid and functional characterization of the mutant receptor.
Identification of neuronal target areas for nerve agents and specification of receptors for pharmacological treatment.
Selective cyclooxygenase-2 (COX-2) inhibitors and breast cancer risk.
Barrel rotation in rats induced by SMS 201-995: suppression by ceruletide.
Effects of the histamine H1 antagonist chlorcyclizine on rat fetal palate development.
GABA(A) receptors as molecular targets of general anesthetics: identification of binding sites provides clues to allosteric modulation.
Role of extracellular calcium and calmodulin in prolactin secretion induced by hyposmolarity, thyrotropin-releasing hormone, and high K+ in GH4C1 cells.
Use of (Gyro) Gy and spermine synthase transgenic mice to study functions of spermine.
Cabozantinib (XL184), a novel MET and VEGFR2 inhibitor, simultaneously suppresses metastasis, angiogenesis, and tumor growth.
Thiocolchicoside suppresses osteoclastogenesis induced by RANKL and cancer cells through inhibition of inflammatory pathways: a new use for an old drug.
Endothelial nitric oxide synthase genotypes and haplotypes modify the responses to sildenafil in patients with erectile dysfunction.
Mercury induces the expression of cyclooxygenase-2 and inducible nitric oxide synthase.
Pharmacological evidence of functional inhibitory metabotrophic glutamate receptors on mouse arousal-related cholinergic laterodorsal tegmental neurons.
A potent Chk1 inhibitor is selectively cytotoxic in melanomas with high levels of replicative stress.
Aspirin inhibits mTOR signaling, activates AMP-activated protein kinase, and induces autophagy in colorectal cancer cells.
Oncogenic K-ras expression is associated with derangement of the cAMP/PKA pathway and forskolin-reversible alterations of mitochondrial dynamics and respiration.
Berberine inhibits myofibroblast differentiation in nasal polyp-derived fibroblasts via the p38 pathway.
Glaucogenin E, a new C21 steroid from Cynanchum stauntonii.
New triterpenoids from the stem bark of Hypodaphnis zenkeri.
Two new C-15 enolic acyl phragmalin-type limonoids from Chukrasia tabularis var. velutina.
Cereblon is a direct protein target for immunomodulatory and antiproliferative activities of lenalidomide and pomalidomide.
Evaluation of food-drug interaction of guava leaf tea.
Crizotinib in the treatment of non-small-cell lung cancer.
Central adenosinergic system involvement in ethanol-induced motor incoordination in mice.
TGF-β and NF-κB signal pathway cross-talk is mediated through TAK1 and SMAD7 in a subset of head and neck cancers.
Dendritic cell migration assay: a potential prediction model for identification of contact allergens.
The atypical antidepressant mianserin exhibits agonist activity at kappa-opioid receptors.
Lipid biomarkers of oxidative stress in a genetic mouse model of Smith-Lemli-Opitz syndrome.
Correlation of high urinary Smad1 level with glomerular hyperfiltration in type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Propranolol restores cognitive deficits and improves amyloid and Tau pathologies in a senescence-accelerated mouse model.
Leydig cell hyperplasia and Leydig cell tumour in postmenopausal women: report of two cases.
Incretin and pancreatic hormone secretion in Caucasian non-diabetic carriers of the TCF7L2 rs7903146 risk T allele.
Anti-inflammatory trends of 1, 3-diphenyl-2-propen-1-one derivatives.
Oxysterol generation and liver X receptor-dependent reverse cholesterol transport: not all roads lead to Rome.
Assessment of developmental delay in the zebrafish embryo teratogenicity assay.
Cresyl saligenin phosphate makes multiple adducts on free histidine, but does not form an adduct on histidine 438 of human butyrylcholinesterase.
The role of long chain omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids in reducing lipid peroxidation among elderly patients with mild cognitive impairment: a case-control study.
Vitamin E deficiency impairs the somatostatinergic receptor-effector system and leads to phosphotyrosine phosphatase overactivation and cell death in the rat hippocampus.
CCAAT/Enhancer-binding protein-homologous protein sensitizes to SU5416 by modulating p21 and PI3K/Akt signal pathway in FRO anaplastic thyroid carcinoma cells.
An overview of transcriptional regulation in response to toxicological insult.
Cholinergic modulation by opioid receptor ligands: potential application to Alzheimer's disease.
Adhesion of osteoblasts to a vertically aligned TiO2 nanotube surface.
Abnormal uterine bleeding and dysfunctional uterine bleeding in pediatric and adolescent gynecology.
Role of oestrogen receptors on the modulation of NADPH-diaphorase-positive cell number in supraoptic and paraventricular nuclei of ovariectomised female rats.
Human plasma-derived BuChE as a stoichiometric bioscavenger for treatment of nerve agent poisoning.
Verrucarin A sensitizes TRAIL-induced apoptosis via the upregulation of DR5 in an eIF2α/CHOP-dependent manner.
Proteolytic processing of osteopontin by PHEX and accumulation of osteopontin fragments in Hyp mouse bone, the murine model of X-linked hypophosphatemia.
Targeted disruption of inducible nitric oxide synthase protects against aging, S-nitrosation, and insulin resistance in muscle of male mice.
Genetic correlate of cognitive training response in schizophrenia.
Microtubule network is required for insulin-induced signal transduction and actin remodeling.
The influence of chronic fluorosis on mitochondrial dynamics morphology and distribution in cortical neurons of the rat brain.
Quantitative analysis of the interaction of constitutive androstane receptor with chemicals and steroid receptor coactivator 1 using surface plasmon resonance biosensor systems: a case study of the Baikal seal (Pusa sibirica) and the mouse.
Studies on the antioxidant potential of flavones of Allium vineale isolated from its water-soluble fraction.
Amino acid composition, antinutrients and allergens in the peanut protein fraction obtained by an aqueous enzymatic process.
NMDA receptor blockade impairs the muscarinic conversion of sub-threshold transient depression into long-lasting LTD in the hippocampus-prefrontal cortex pathway in vivo: correlation with gamma oscillations.
Metabolism of triethylenetetramine and 1,12-diamino-3,6,9-triazadodecane by the spermidine/spermine-N(1)-acetyltransferase and thialysine acetyltransferase.
In vitro metabolism of the 5-hydroxytryptamine1B receptor antagonist elzasonan.
Effective phagocytosis of low Her2 tumor cell lines with engineered, aglycosylated IgG displaying high FcγRIIa affinity and selectivity.
Exposure to valproic acid inhibits chondrogenesis and osteogenesis in mid-organogenesis mouse limbs.
Tumor necrosis factor-alpha potentiates the cytotoxicity of amiodarone in Hepa1c1c7 cells: roles of caspase activation and oxidative stress.
Amino acid residues at the N- and C-termini are essential for the folding of active human butyrylcholinesterase polypeptide.
Claudin-3 and claudin-4 regulate sensitivity to cisplatin by controlling expression of the copper and cisplatin influx transporter CTR1.
Regulation of hepatic phase II metabolism in pregnant mice.
Dimethylfumarate attenuates renal fibrosis via NF-E2-related factor 2-mediated inhibition of transforming growth factor-beta/Smad signaling.
The effect of CCL3 and CCR1 in bone remodeling induced by mechanical loading during orthodontic tooth movement in mice.
Nano-graphene in biomedicine: theranostic applications.
Human ether-a-go-go-related gene channel blockers and its structural analysis for drug design.
Multifunctional targets of dietary polyphenols in disease: a case for the chemokine network and energy metabolism.
Inhibition of EGF/EGFR activation with naphtho[1,2-b]furan-4,5-dione blocks migration and invasion of MDA-MB-231 cells.
A novel EPAC-specific inhibitor suppresses pancreatic cancer cell migration and invasion.
Metformin directly inhibits ghrelin secretion through AMP-activated protein kinase in rat primary gastric cells.
Fungicide prochloraz and environmental pollutant dioxin induce the ABCG2 transporter in bovine mammary epithelial cells by the arylhydrocarbon receptor signaling pathway.
Molecular analyses of dinosaur osteocytes support the presence of endogenous molecules.
Effects of silver nanoparticles on the liver and hepatocytes in vitro.
Extracellular loop II modulates GTP sensitivity of the prostaglandin EP3 receptor.
Identification of Dlk1-Dio3 imprinted gene cluster noncoding RNAs as novel candidate biomarkers for liver tumor promotion.
GH improves spatial memory and reverses certain anabolic androgenic steroid-induced effects in intact rats.
Phosphoinositide-dependent kinase-1 and protein kinase Cδ contribute to endothelin-1 constriction and elevated blood pressure in intermittent hypoxia.
Intercellular adhesion molecule-2 is involved in apical ectoplasmic specialization dynamics during spermatogenesis in the rat.
The catalytic competence of cytochrome P450 in the synthesis of serotonin from 5-methoxytryptamine in the brain: an in vitro study.
Estrogen receptor signaling as a target for novel breast cancer therapeutics.
Toosendanin induces apoptosis through suppression of JNK signaling pathway in HL-60 cells.
Novel insights on the effect of nicotine in a murine colitis model.
The S349T mutation of SQSTM1 links Keap1/Nrf2 signalling to Paget's disease of bone.
Orexin-A suppresses postischemic glucose intolerance and neuronal damage through hypothalamic brain-derived neurotrophic factor.
Mesalamine modulates intercellular adhesion through inhibition of p-21 activated kinase-1.
Cholestatic effect of epigallocatechin gallate in rats is mediated via decreased expression of Mrp2.
Effects-based marine ecological risk assessment at a polychlorinated biphenyl-contaminated site in Saglek, Labrador, Canada.
Ablation of Egr2-positive cells in male mouse anterior pituitary leads to atypical isolated GH deficiency.
The scintigraphic evaluation and genetic correlation of joint involvements in pediatric patients with familial Mediterranean fever.
Serotonin receptors of type 6 (5-HT6): from neuroscience to clinical pharmacology.
Expression of cAMP-responsive element binding proteins (CREBs) in fast- and slow-twitch muscles: A signaling pathway to account for the synaptic expression of collagen-tailed subunit (ColQ) of acetylcholinesterase at the rat neuromuscular junction.
Analysis of mammalian alcohol dehydrogenase 5 (ADH5): characterisation of rat ADH5 with comparisons to the corresponding human variant.
Combining quantum mechanical ligand conformation analysis and protein modeling to elucidate GPCR-ligand binding modes.
Catalpol inhibits LPS plus IFN-γ-induced inflammatory response in astrocytes primary cultures.
Cardiolipin-dependent reconstitution of respiratory supercomplexes from purified Saccharomyces cerevisiae complexes III and IV.
Protein tyrosine phosphatase 1B inhibitory effect by dammarane-type triterpenes from hydrolyzate of total Gynostemma pentaphyllum saponins.
Disrupted cytoskeletal homeostasis, astrogliosis and apoptotic cell death in the cerebellum of preweaning rats injected with diphenyl ditelluride.
The presence of D-fagomine in the human diet from buckwheat-based foodstuffs.
Profluorogenic reductase substrate for rapid, selective, and sensitive visualization and detection of human cancer cells that overexpress NQO1.
Synthesis, biological evaluation, and molecular modeling of glycyrrhizin derivatives as potent high-mobility group box-1 inhibitors with anti-heart-failure activity in vivo.
Further exploration of M₁ allosteric agonists: subtle structural changes abolish M₁ allosteric agonism and result in pan-mAChR orthosteric antagonism.
Effects of single or repeated silymarin administration on pharmacokinetics of risperidone and its major metabolite, 9-hydroxyrisperidone in rats.
Design, synthesis and structure-activity relationship of new arginine vasopressin analogues containing proline derivatives in position 2.
Liver X Receptors and female reproduction: when cholesterol meets fertility!
β-catenin regulates GnRH-induced FSHβ gene expression.
Doxorubicin decreases paraquat accumulation and toxicity in Caco-2 cells.
Sirtuins as emerging anti-parasitic targets.
The selective SYK inhibitor P505-15 (PRT062607) inhibits B cell signaling and function in vitro and in vivo and augments the activity of fludarabine in chronic lymphocytic leukemia.
The fidelity of transcription: RPB1 (RPO21) mutations that increase transcriptional slippage in S. cerevisiae.
Effect of nuclear vibrations, temperature, co-adsorbed water, and dye orientation on light absorption, charge injection and recombination conditions in organic dyes on TiO2.
Proteomic and metabolomic responses to connexin43 silencing in primary hepatocyte cultures.
Aryl hydrocarbon receptor is a target of 17-Allylamino-17-demethoxygeldanamycin and enhances its anticancer activity in lung adenocarcinoma cells.
Pharmacogenomics of gemcitabine metabolism: functional analysis of genetic variants in cytidine deaminase and deoxycytidine kinase.
Discovery of 4-phenyl-2-phenylaminopyridine based TNIK inhibitors.
Hybrid carbon nanotube networks as efficient hole extraction layers for organic photovoltaics.
Chemical assessment and antioxidant capacity of pepper (Capsicum annuum L.) seeds.
Boron-based inhibitors of acyl protein thioesterases 1 and 2.
Three-Dimensional CdS-Titanate Composite Nanomaterials for Enhanced Visible-Light-Driven Hydrogen Evolution.
UPLC-Q-TOF/HSMS/MS(E)-based metabonomics for adenine-induced changes in metabolic profiles of rat faeces and intervention effects of ergosta-4,6,8(14),22-tetraen-3-one.
Selective separation of similarly sized proteins with tunable nanoporous block copolymer membranes.
Phytoestrogen genistein protects against endothelial barrier dysfunction in vascular endothelial cells through PKA-mediated suppression of RhoA signaling.
Metabolic effects of honey in type 1 diabetes mellitus: a randomized crossover pilot study.
Evaluation of drug interactions of GSK1292263 (a GPR119 agonist) with statins: from in vitro data to clinical study design.
Antioxidants and mucolytics in COPD management: when (if ever) and in whom?
Steroid toxicity and detoxification in ascomycetous fungi.
Cell-cycle and DNA damage regulation of the DNA mismatch repair protein Msh2 occurs at the transcriptional and post-transcriptional level.
Inhibition of Th1/Th17 responses via suppression of STAT1 and STAT3 activation contributes to the amelioration of murine experimental colitis by a natural flavonoid glucoside icariin.
Stimulatory effect of insulin on theca-interstitial cell proliferation and cell cycle regulatory proteins through MTORC1 dependent pathway.
The conserved PHD1-PHD2 domain of ZFP-1/AF10 is a discrete functional module essential for viability in Caenorhabditis elegans.
Novel limonene and citral based 2,5-disubstituted-1,3,4-oxadiazoles: a natural product coupled approach to semicarbazones for antiepileptic activity.
Synthesis and evaluation of 8-oxoadenine derivatives as potent Toll-like receptor 7 agonists with high water solubility.
Discovery of liver-targeted inhibitors of stearoyl-CoA desaturase (SCD1).
N-acetylgalactosamine functionalized mixed micellar nanoparticles for targeted delivery of siRNA to liver.
Effects of Yerba Mate tea (Ilex paraguariensis) on vascular endothelial function and liver lipoprotein receptor gene expression in hyperlipidemic rats.
Development of hypoxia-inducible factor (HIF)-1α inhibitors: effect of ortho-carborane substituents on HIF transcriptional activity under hypoxia.
Apocynin and raisanberine alleviate intermittent hypoxia induced abnormal StAR and 3β-HSD and low testosterone by suppressing endoplasmic reticulum stress and activated p66Shc in rat testes.
Coming full circle: contributions of central and peripheral oxytocin actions to energy balance.
Arsenic suppresses cell survival via Pirh2-mediated proteasomal degradation of ΔNp63 protein.
Jaceosidin, isolated from dietary mugwort (Artemisia princeps), induces G2/M cell cycle arrest by inactivating cdc25C-cdc2 via ATM-Chk1/2 activation.
EphA5-EphrinA5 interactions within the ventromedial hypothalamus influence counterregulatory hormone release and local glutamine/glutamate balance during hypoglycemia.
Electrical Stimuli Release ATP to Increase GLUT4 Translocation and Glucose Uptake via PI3Kγ-Akt-AS160 in Skeletal Muscle Cells.
The COP9 signalosome interacts with and regulates interferon regulatory factor 5 protein stability.
Structure-based design, synthesis and evaluation of novel anthra[1,2-d]imidazole-6,11-dione derivatives as telomerase inhibitors and potential for cancer polypharmacology.
Zinc sulphate and vitamin E alleviate reproductive toxicity caused by aluminium sulphate in male albino rats.
Trichostatin A inhibits transforming growth factor-β-induced reactive oxygen species accumulation and myofibroblast differentiation via enhanced NF-E2-related factor 2-antioxidant response element signaling.
Cannabinoid discrimination and antagonism by CB(1) neutral and inverse agonist antagonists.
Marked decline in beta cell function during pregnancy leads to the development of glucose intolerance in Japanese women.
New oral anticoagulants: comparative pharmacology with vitamin K antagonists.
Effects of smoking on the oxidant/antioxidant balance and the blood lipids in pesticide sprayers.
Fluorescence lifetime analysis and effect of magnesium ions on binding of NADH to human aldehyde dehydrogenase 1.
Acrolein induces Alzheimer's disease-like pathologies in vitro and in vivo.
Membrane-initiated estradiol signaling in immortalized hypothalamic N-38 neurons.
Neuroprotective and anti-inflammatory properties of a coffee component in the MPTP model of Parkinson's disease.
Hydrogen sulfide, the next potent preventive and therapeutic agent in aging and age-associated diseases.
Induction of HO-1 through p38 MAPK/Nrf2 signaling pathway by ethanol extract of Inula helenium L. reduces inflammation in LPS-activated RAW 264.7 cells and CLP-induced septic mice.
Protease-activated receptor (PAR) 1 and PAR4 differentially regulate factor V expression from human platelets.
Diels-Alder mediated controlled release from a poly(ethylene glycol) based hydrogel.
Trimethylamine-N-oxide, a metabolite associated with atherosclerosis, exhibits complex genetic and dietary regulation.
Tricycloalternarenes F-H: three new mixed terpenoids produced by an endolichenic fungus Ulocladium sp. using OSMAC method.
What are the physiological estrogens?
Synthesis of quinoline derivatives: discovery of a potent and selective phosphodiesterase 5 inhibitor for the treatment of Alzheimer's disease.
Fragment-based design, synthesis, and biological evaluation of N-substituted-5-(4-isopropylthiophenol)-2-hydroxynicotinamide derivatives as novel Mcl-1 inhibitors.
Transaldolase deficiency: report of 12 new cases and further delineation of the phenotype.
Cellular signaling crosstalk between multiple receptors for investigation of pathophysiology in multifactorial diseases--what is clinically-relevant crosstalk?
Peginesatide clearance, distribution, metabolism, and excretion in monkeys following intravenous administration.
Comparison of orientation and rotational motion of skeletal muscle cross-bridges containing phosphorylated and dephosphorylated myosin regulatory light chain.
LPA1-induced cytoskeleton reorganization drives fibrosis through CTGF-dependent fibroblast proliferation.
Cooperative effects for CYP2E1 differ between styrene and its metabolites.
Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease: current issues and novel treatment approaches.
Nuclear receptors in bile acid metabolism.
Green tea catechin leads to global improvement among Alzheimer's disease-related phenotypes in NSE/hAPP-C105 Tg mice.
RIF1 is essential for 53BP1-dependent nonhomologous end joining and suppression of DNA double-strand break resection.
RANKL targeted peptides inhibit osteoclastogenesis and attenuate adjuvant induced arthritis by inhibiting NF-κB activation and down regulating inflammatory cytokines.
Activation of Rac1 GTPase by nanoparticulate structures in human macrophages.
Enhancing macrocyclic diterpenes as multidrug-resistance reversers: structure-activity studies on jolkinol D derivatives.
Osteoblasts survive the arsenic trioxide treatment by activation of ATM-mediated pathway.
Structure prediction of binary pernitride MN2 compounds (M=Ca, Sr, Ba, La, and Ti).
25-Hydroxyvitamin D in Obese Youth Across the Spectrum of Glucose Tolerance From Normal to Prediabetes to Type 2 Diabetes.
Binary diffusion coefficients for mixtures of ionic liquids [EMIM][N(CN)2], [EMIM][NTf2], and [HMIM][NTf2] with acetone and ethanol by dynamic light scattering (DLS).
Quercetin-loaded microcapsules ameliorate experimental colitis in mice by anti-inflammatory and antioxidant mechanisms.
Dietary relevant mixtures of phytoestrogens inhibit adipocyte differentiation in vitro.
Anti-inflammatory activity of patchouli alcohol in RAW264.7 and HT-29 cells.
Evaluation of suppressive and pro-resolving effects of EPA and DHA in human primary monocytes and T-helper cells.
Cell penetrating peptide tethered bi-ligand liposomes for delivery to brain in vivo: Biodistribution and transfection.
Encapsulation of Nod1 and Nod2 receptor ligands into poly(lactic acid) nanoparticles potentiates their immune properties.
In vitro permeability analysis, pharmacokinetic and brain distribution study in mice of imperatorin, isoimperatorin and cnidilin in Radix Angelicae Dahuricae.
Involvement of Src and the actin cytoskeleton in the antitumorigenic action of adenosine dialdehyde.
Synthesis of derivatives of methyl rosmarinate and their inhibitory activities against matrix metalloproteinase-1 (MMP-1).
Synthesis and biological evaluation of some novel resveratrol amide derivatives as potential anti-tumor agents.
Cystathionase mediates senescence evasion in melanocytes and melanoma cells.
Investigational anti-hyperglycemic agents: the future of type 2 diabetes therapy?
3-Methylglutaconic aciduria-lessons from 50 genes and 977 patients.
Bioactives and nutraceutical phytochemicals naturally occurring in virgin olive oil. The case study of the Nocellara del Belice Italian olive cultivar.
Synthesis, DNA binding and antitumor evaluation of styelsamine and cystodytin analogues.
Intercalation pathway in many-particle LiFePO4 electrode revealed by nanoscale state-of-charge mapping.
Silica precipitation by synthetic minicollagens.
Pharmacodynamic characteristics of lixisenatide once daily versus liraglutide once daily in patients with type 2 diabetes insufficiently controlled on metformin.
The contrasting activity of iodido versus chlorido ruthenium and osmium arene azo- and imino-pyridine anticancer complexes: control of cell selectivity, cross-resistance, p53 dependence, and apoptosis pathway.
Zinc-dependent lysosomal enlargement in TRPML1-deficient cells involves MTF-1 transcription factor and ZnT4 (Slc30a4) transporter.
Evaluation of in vivo anti-hyperglycemic and antioxidant potentials of α-santalol and sandalwood oil.
Serum amyloid A upsurge precedes standard biomarkers of hepatotoxicity in ritodrine-injected mice.
Ceftazidime-avibactam: a novel cephalosporin/β-lactamase inhibitor combination.
Increased human dermal microvascular endothelial cell survival induced by cysteamine.
Novel locus including FGF21 is associated with dietary macronutrient intake.
Investigation of astatine(III) hydrolyzed species: experiments and relativistic calculations.
Trim24-repressed VL30 retrotransposons regulate gene expression by producing noncoding RNA.
Apelin inhibits diet-induced obesity by enhancing lymphatic and blood vessel integrity.
Activation of the anti-cancer agent upamostat by the mARC enzyme system.
Differential autophagic cell death under stress with ectopic cytoplasmic and mitochondrial-specific PPP2R2B in human neuroblastoma cells.
Population pharmacokinetics of atorvastatin and its active metabolites in children and adolescents with heterozygous familial hypercholesterolemia: selective use of informative prior distributions from adults.
A high-confidence interaction map identifies SIRT1 as a mediator of acetylation of USP22 and the SAGA coactivator complex.
Characterization of cytosolic glutathione peroxidase and phospholipid-hydroperoxide glutathione peroxidase genes in rainbow trout (Oncorhynchus mykiss) and their modulation by in vitro selenium exposure.
Manganese-exposed developing rats display motor deficits and striatal oxidative stress that are reversed by Trolox.
Nocapyrones H-J, 3,6-Disubstituted α-Pyrones from the Marine Actinomycete Nocardiopsis sp. KMF-001.
Investigating the enteroenteric recirculation of apixaban, a factor Xa inhibitor: administration of activated charcoal to bile duct-cannulated rats and dogs receiving an intravenous dose and use of drug transporter knockout rats.
Cloning, Characterization, and Sulfonamide and Thiol Inhibition Studies of an α-Carbonic Anhydrase from Trypanosoma cruzi, the Causative Agent of Chagas Disease.
The increased number of Leydig cells by di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate comes from the differentiation of stem cells into Leydig cell lineage in the adult rat testis.
GnRH pulse frequency-dependent stimulation of FSHβ transcription is mediated via activation of PKA and CREB.
Sophocarpine alleviates hepatocyte steatosis through activating AMPK signaling pathway.
Elevation of 4-hydroxynonenal and malondialdehyde modified protein levels in cerebral cortex with cognitive dysfunction in rats exposed to 1-bromopropane.
Site dependent intestinal absorption of darunavir and its interaction with ketoconazole.
Protective effect of Codium fragile against UVB-induced pro-inflammatory and oxidative damages in HaCaT cells and BALB/c mice.
Strong effects of cluster size and air exposure on oxygen reduction and carbon oxidation electrocatalysis by size-selected Pt(n) (n ≤ 11) on glassy carbon electrodes.
Inhibition of ghrelin O-acyltransferase attenuates food deprivation-induced increases in ingestive behavior.
The accumulation of metal (Co, Cr, Cu, Mn and Zn) in freshwater Ulva (Chlorophyta) and its habitat.
Exploring the Interplay Between Ligand Derivatisation and Cation Type in the Assembly of Hybrid Polyoxometalate Mn-Andersons.
Interaction of silymarin flavonolignans with organic anion-transporting polypeptides.
Oxidation of tertiary amine-derivatized surfaces to control protein adhesion.
Stabilisation of amorphous drugs under high humidity using pharmaceutical thin films.
Neuroprotective effects of mercaptoethylleonurine and mercaptoethylguanidine analogs on hydrogen peroxide-induced apoptosis in human neuronal SH-SY5Y cells.
Effects of induced hyperinsulinaemia with and without hyperglycaemia on measures of cardiac vagal control.
The propeptides of VEGF-D determine heparin binding, receptor heterodimerization, and effects on tumor biology.
Switchable Elastin-Like Polypeptides that Respond to Chemical Inducers of Dimerization.
Protective role of L-carnitine and vitamin E on the testis of atherosclerotic rats.
The CRF(1) receptor antagonist SSR125543 prevents stress-induced cognitive deficit associated with hippocampal dysfunction: Comparison with paroxetine and D-cycloserine.
Synthesis and structure-activity relationships of indazole arylsulfonamides as allosteric CC-chemokine receptor 4 (CCR4) antagonists.
Comparative analysis of nutritional compositions of transgenic high iron rice with its non-transgenic counterpart.
Repeated Low Dose Administration of the Monoacylglycerol Lipase Inhibitor JZL184 Retains CB1 Receptor Mediated Antinociceptive and Gastroprotective Effects.
Differential gene expression in ERα-positive and ERα-negative breast cancer cells upon leptin stimulation.
Design and synthesis of bicyclic pyrazinone and pyrimidinone amides as potent TF-FVIIa inhibitors.
A multivalent peptide as an activator of hypoxia inducible factor-1α.
Glucagon-induced acetylation of Foxa2 regulates hepatic lipid metabolism.
Antitumor and immunomodulatory activity of a water-soluble low molecular weight polysaccharide from Schisandra chinensis (Turcz.) Baill.
Fragment-based drug design and identification of HJC0123, a novel orally bioavailable STAT3 inhibitor for cancer therapy.
Transcription forms and remodels supercoiling domains unfolding large-scale chromatin structures.
Four new eudesmane-type sesquiterpenoid lactones from atractylenolide II by biotransformation of rat hepatic microsomes.
The effects of the phosphodiesterase type 5 inhibitor vardenafil on cognitive performance in healthy adults: a behavioral- electroencephalography study.
Atorvastatin withdrawal elicits oxidative/nitrosative damage in the rat cerebral cortex.
Hyperthyroidism causes cardiac dysfunction by mitochondrial impairment and energy depletion.
Endothelial cell response to (co)polymer nanoparticles depending on the inflammatory environment and comonomer ratio.
Molecular mechanism regulating 24-hour rhythm of dopamine d3 receptor expression in mouse ventral striatum.
Studies on an (S)-2-amino-3-(3-hydroxy-5-methyl-4-isoxazolyl)propionic acid (AMPA) receptor antagonist IKM-159: asymmetric synthesis, neuroactivity, and structural characterization.
Binding of Diverse Environmental Chemicals with Human Cytochromes P450 2A13, 2A6, and 1B1 and Enzyme Inhibition.
Discovery of a Novel Selective PPARγ Ligand with Partial Agonist Binding Properties by Integrated in Silico/in Vitro Work Flow.
Structural Characterization of an LPA1 Second Extracellular Loop Mimetic with a Self-Assembling Coiled-Coil Folding Constraint.
The (R)-omeprazole hydroxylation index reflects CYP2C19 activity in healthy Japanese volunteers.
Induction of xenobiotic receptors, transporters, and drug metabolizing enzymes by oxycodone.
Strain-dependent dysregulation of one-carbon metabolism in male mice is associated with choline- and folate-deficient diet-induced liver injury.
Vitamin A and retinoid signaling: genomic and non-genomic effects.
Phase stability and elastic properties of chromium borides with various stoichiometries.
Effect of miR-21 on Renal Fibrosis by Regulating MMP-9 and TIMP1 in kk-ay Diabetic Nephropathy Mice.
Modification of the Catalytic Function of Human Hydroxysteroid Sulfotransferase hSULT2A1 by Formation of Disulfide Bonds.
Synthesis of novel estrogen receptor antagonists using metal-catalyzed coupling reactions and characterization of their biological activity.
Discovery of 7-methoxy-6-[4-(4-methyl-1,3-thiazol-2-yl)-1H-imidazol-5-yl]-1,3-benzothiazole (TASP0382088): a potent and selective transforming growth factor-β type I receptor inhibitor as a topical drug for alopecia.
ARF represses androgen receptor transactivation in prostate cancer.
Role of oxidative stress in chemical allergens induced skin cells activation.
Relative expression of cholesterol transport-related proteins and inflammation markers through the induction of 7-ketosterol-mediated stress in Caco-2 cells.
Caffeic acid treatment alters the extracellular adenine nucleotide hydrolysis in platelets and lymphocytes of adult rats.
Mutant B-RAF-Mcl-1 survival signaling depends on the STAT3 transcription factor.
Aldehyde oxidase importance in vivo in xenobiotic metabolism: imidacloprid nitroreduction in mice.
Non-front-fanged colubroid snakes: A current evidence-based analysis of medical significance.
Cell cycle arrest, extracellular matrix changes and intrinsic apoptosis in human melanoma cells are induced by Boron Neutron Capture Therapy.
Anti-adipogenic diarylheptanoids from Alnus hirsuta f. sibirica on 3T3-L1 cells.
Benzenesulfonamides: a unique class of chemokine receptor type 4 inhibitors.
Oncolytic activity and mechanism of action of a novel L-cysteine derivative, L-cysteine, ethyl ester, S-(N-methylcarbamate) monohydrochloride.
Measurement of Transport Activities of 3β-Hydroxy-Δ(5)-bile Acids in Bile Salt Export Pump and Multidrug Resistance-Associated Proteins Using LC-MS/MS.
An Intracellular Domain Fragment of the p75 Neurotrophin Receptor (p75NTR) Enhances Tropomyosin Receptor Kinase A (TrkA) Receptor Function.
Synthesis and evaluation of 3-(benzylthio)-5-(1H-indol-3-yl)-1,2,4-triazol-4-amines as Bcl-2 inhibitory anticancer agents.
Effect of nicotine pretreatment on arsenic-induced oxidative stress in male Wistar rats.
Developing Predictive Approaches to Characterize Adaptive Responses of the Reproductive Endocrine Axis to Aromatase Inhibition: II. Computational Modeling.
Benzoquinone Reveals a Cysteine-Dependent Desensitization Mechanism of TRPA1.
A study of parabens and bisphenol A in surface water and fish brain tissue from the Greater Pittsburgh Area.
Synthesis and in-silico studies of some diaryltriazole derivatives as potential cyclooxygenase inhibitors.
Multilevel regulation of 2-cys peroxiredoxin reaction cycle by s-nitrosylation.
A Novel CUG(exp)·MBNL1 Inhibitor with Therapeutic Potential for Myotonic Dystrophy Type 1.
The induction of mitochondria-mediated apoptosis in cancer cells by ruthenium(ii) asymmetric complexes.
Platycodi Radix attenuates dimethylnitrosamine-induced liver fibrosis in rats by inducing Nrf2-mediated antioxidant enzymes.
Cadmium telluride quantum dots cause oxidative stress leading to extrinsic and intrinsic apoptosis in hepatocellular carcinoma HepG2 cells.
Reinforcement enhancing effects of nicotine via smoking.
Anti-apoptotic cardioprotective effects of SHP-1 gene silencing against ischemia-reperfusion injury: Use of deoxycholic acid-modified low molecular weight polyethyleneimine as a cardiac siRNA-carrier.
Synthesis of C17-OH-north unit of ritterazine G via "Red-Ox" modifications of hecogenin acetate.
Inhibitory effects of in vivo oxidized high-density lipoproteins on platelet aggregation: evidence from patients with abetalipoproteinemia.
Derivatives of Dictyostelium discoideum differentiation-inducing factor-3 suppress the activities of Trypanosoma cruzi in vitro and in vivo.
Neuroprotective Effects of Puerarin on 1-methyl-4-phenyl-1,2,3,6-tetrahydropyridine induced Parkinson's Disease Model in Mice.
Efficient induction of apoptosis in HeLa cells by a novel cationic porphycene photosensitizer.
Addition of artificial salt bridge by Ile646Lys mutation in gp41 coiled-coil domain regulates 6-helical bundle formation.
Cytotoxic mechanism of Piper gaudichaudianum Kunth essential oil and its major compound nerolidol.
Synthesis and biological evaluation of novel pyrrolidine-2,5-dione derivatives as potential antidepressant agents. Part 1.
Metabolism Studies of Unformulated Internally [3H]-labeled siRNAs in Mice.
Chemical genetic analyses of quantitative changes in Cdk1 activity during the human cell cycle.
Inhibition of Ebola Virus Infection: Identification of Niemann-Pick C1 as the Target by Optimization of a Chemical Probe.
Exploring the effect of N-substitution in nor-lobelane on the interaction with VMAT2: discovery of a potential clinical candidate for treatment of methamphetamine abuse.
The pre-clinical absorption, distribution, metabolism and excretion properties of IPI-926, an orally bioavailable antagonist of the hedgehog signal transduction pathway.
Protection of glycyrrhizic acid against AGEs-induced endothelial dysfunction through inhibiting RAGE/NF-κB pathway activation in human umbilical vein endothelial cells.
Evaluation of body weight, insulin resistance, leptin and adiponectin levels in premenopausal women with hyperprolactinemia.
Lorcaserin: a review of its use in chronic weight management.
Design, Synthesis, Biological Evaluation, and Docking Studies of (S)-Phenylalanine Derivatives with a 2-Cyanopyrrolidine Moiety as Potent Dipeptidyl Peptidase 4 Inhibitors.
Bioimaging real-time PXR-dependent mdr1a gene regulation in mdr1a.fLUC reporter mice.
Bioinformatics and Molecular Dynamics Simulation Study of L1 Stalk Non-Canonical rRNA Elements: Kink-Turns, Loops, and Tetraloops.
Galangin attenuates mast cell-mediated allergic inflammation.
Aberrant activation of M phase proteins by cell proliferation-evoking carcinogens after 28-day administration in rats.
Nobiletin attenuates metastasis via both ERK and PI3K/Akt pathways in HGF-treated liver cancer HepG2 cells.
Cardiac natriuretic Peptide gene expression and plasma concentrations during the first 72 hours of life in piglets.
T-Cells from HLA-B*57:01+ Human Subjects Are Activated with Abacavir through Two Independent Pathways and Induce Cell Death by Multiple Mechanisms.
Potential diagnostic applications of side chain oxysterols analysis in plasma and cerebrospinal fluid.
Loss of Calcium/Calmodulin-Dependent Protein Kinase II Activity in Cortical Astrocytes Decreases Glutamate Uptake and Induces Neurotoxic Release of ATP.
Stable and high-rate overcharge protection for rechargeable lithium batteries.
3-Hydroxypyridin-2-thione as Novel Zinc Binding Group for Selective Histone Deacetylase Inhibition.
Histological, ultrastructural and immunohistochemical studies on the protective effect of ginger extract against cisplatin-induced nephrotoxicity in male rats.
An analysis of skeletal development in osteoblast- and chondrocyte-specific Runx2 knockout mice.
A Mineral Extract from red Algae Ameliorates Chronic Spontaneous Colitis in IL-10 Deficient Mice in a Mouse Strain Dependent Manner.
Neuronal expression of glucosylceramide synthase in central nervous system regulates body weight and energy homeostasis.
Environmental pesticide exposure modulates cytokines, arginase and ornithine decarboxylase expression in human placenta.
Lixisenatide: first global approval.
Maqui berry (Aristotelia chilensis) and the constituent delphinidin glycoside inhibit photoreceptor cell death induced by visible light.
Influence of triterpenoids present in apple peel on inflammatory gene expression associated with inflammatory bowel disease (IBD).
Curcumin inhibits invasion and metastasis in K1 papillary thyroid cancer cells.
Lignans extracted from Vitex negundo possess cytotoxic activity by G2/M phase cell cycle arrest and apoptosis induction.
TRP and ASIC channels mediate the antinociceptive effect of citronellyl acetate.
2-Hydroxychalcone and xanthohumol inhibit invasion of triple negative breast cancer cells.
4-Hydroxypyridazin-3(2H)-one Derivatives as Novel d-Amino Acid Oxidase Inhibitors.
Comparative study on transcriptional activity of 17 parabens mediated by estrogen receptor α and β and androgen receptor.
The cyclin D1 (CCND1) rs9344 G>A polymorphism predicts clinical outcome in colon cancer patients treated with adjuvant 5-FU-based chemotherapy.
Evaluation of 7-O-galloyl-d-sedoheptulose, isolated from Corni Fructus, in the adipose tissue of type 2 diabetic db/db mice.
Extracellular Signal-Regulated Kinases (ERK) Inhibitors from Aristolochia yunnanensis.
In vivo and in vitro anti-inflammatory potential of pentahydroxy-pregn-14-ol, 20-one-β-d-thevetopyranoside in rats.
Hypermethylation of P15, P16, and E-cadherin genes in ovarian cancer.
Circulating glucagon to ghrelin ratio as a determinant of insulin resistance in hyperthyroidism.
Proposed diagnostic criteria for subclinical Cushing's syndrome associated with adrenal incidentaloma.
Flexibly timed once-daily dosing with degludec: a new ultra-long-acting basal insulin.
Evaluation of a predictive in vitro Leydig cell assay for anti-androgenicity of phthalate esters in the rat.
Quercetin suppressed CYP2E1-dependent ethanol hepatotoxicity via depleting heme pool and releasing CO.
Novel racemic tetrahydrocurcuminoid dihydropyrimidinone analogues as potent acetylcholinesterase inhibitors.
Agonistic activity of ICI 182 780 on activation of GSK 3β/AKT pathway in the rat uterus during the estrous cycle.
Aminopropylindenes derived from Grundmann's ketone as a novel chemotype of oxidosqualene cyclase inhibitors.
The ATP required for potentiation of skeletal muscle contraction is released via pannexin hemichannels.
tert-Butylhydroquinone reduces lipid accumulation in C57BL/6 mice with lower body weight gain.
Dual Growth Factor Delivery Using Biocompatible Core-Shell Microcapsules for Angiogenesis.
Potency switch between CHK1 and MK2: Discovery of imidazo[1,2-a]pyrazine- and imidazo[1,2-c]pyrimidine-based kinase inhibitors.
The Fer tyrosine kinase is important for platelet-derived growth factor-BB-induced Stat3 phosphorylation, colony formation in soft agar and tumor growth in vivo.
Discovery of aryl ureas and aryl amides as potent and selective histamine H3 receptor antagonists for the treatment of obesity (Part I).
Structure and energetics of gas phase halogen-bonding in mono-, bi-, and tri-dentate anion receptors as studied by BIRD.
Anandamide deficiency and heightened neuropathic pain in aged mice.
Polymer-based protein engineering can rationally tune enzyme activity, pH-dependence, and stability.
24(S)-hydroxycholesterol is actively eliminated from neuronal cells by ABCA1.
Design, Synthesis and biological evaluation of catecholamine vehicle for studying dopaminergic system.
Synergistic enhancement of cancer therapy using a combination of heat shock protein targeted HPMA copolymer-drug conjugates and gold nanorod induced hyperthermia.
Presynaptic CaMKIIα modulates dopamine D3 receptor activation in striatonigral terminals of the rat brain in a Ca(2+) dependent manner.
Ellagic acid attenuates bleomycin and cyclophosphamide-induced pulmonary toxicity in Wistar rats.
Effects of High Iron and Glucose Concentrations over the Relative Expression of Bcl2, Bax, and Mfn2 in MIN6 Cells.
Genetic Insights into Pyralomicin Biosynthesis in Nonomuraea spiralis IMC A-0156.
Synaptotagmin 1 is required for vesicular Ca(2+) /H(+) -antiport activity.
Estradiol replacement enhances cocaine-stimulated locomotion in female C57BL/6 mice through estrogen receptor alpha.
Dynamics and structural changes of small water clusters on ionization.
The Intermediate-conductance Calcium-activated Potassium Channel KCa3.1 Regulates Vascular Smooth Muscle Cell Proliferation via Controlling Calcium-dependent Signaling.
Reactive Metabolite Trapping Studies on Imidazo- and 2-Methylimidazo[2,1-b]thiazole-based Inverse Agonists of the Ghrelin Receptor.
Adenovirus-delivered angiopoietin-1 treatment for phosgene-induced acute lung injury.
Probing the Role of the Vancomycin E-Ring Aryl Chloride: Selective Divergent Synthesis and Evaluation of Alternatively Substituted E-Ring Analogues.
Exposure to DEHP decreased four fatty acid levels in plasma of prepartum mice.
Soluble polysialylated NCAM: a novel player of the innate immune system in the lung.
Study of endothelial cell apoptosis using fluorescence resonance energy transfer (FRET) biosensor cell line with hemodynamic microfluidic chip system.
High salt diets during pregnancy affected fetal and offspring renal renin-angiotensin system.
Synthesis of pyrazolo[1,5-a]pyrimidine linked aminobenzothiazole conjugates as potential anticancer agents.
Evaluation of the positive effects on insulin-resistance and β-cell measurements of vildagliptin in addition to metformin in type 2 diabetic patients.
4-Hydroxytamoxifen-stimulated processing of cyclin E is mediated via G protein-coupled receptor 30 (GPR30) and accompanied by enhanced migration in MCF-7 breast cancer cells.
Mechanistic Aspects of hSOD1 Maturation from the Solution Structure of Cu(I) -Loaded hCCS Domain 1 and Analysis of Disulfide-Free hSOD1 Mutants.
Novel pentablock copolymer (PLA-PCL-PEG-PCL-PLA) based nanoparticles for controlled drug delivery: Effect of copolymer compositions on the crystallinity of copolymers and in vitro drug release profile from nanoparticles.
PICK1 Deficiency Impairs Secretory Vesicle Biogenesis and Leads to Growth Retardation and Decreased Glucose Tolerance.
Design, Synthesis and Biological Evaluation of Aminoalkylindole Derivatives as Cannabinoid Receptor Ligands with Potential for Treatment of Alcohol Abuse.
Immunoregulatory effects of Glycyrrhizic acid exerts anti-asthmatic effects via modulation of Th1/Th2 cytokines and enhancement of CD4(+)CD25(+)Foxp3(+) regulatory T cells in ovalbumin-sensitized mice.
Enhanced beta cell function and anti-inflammatory effect after chronic treatment with the dipeptidyl peptidase-4 inhibitor vildagliptin in an advanced-aged diet-induced obesity mouse model.
Amelioration of palmitate-induced insulin resistance in C2C12 muscle cells by rooibos (Aspalathus linearis).
Puerarin stimulates proliferation and differentiation and protects against cell death in human osteoblastic MG-63 cells via ER-dependent MEK/ERK and PI3K/Akt activation.
Bone Morphogenetic Protein-7 inhibits silica-induced pulmonary fibrosis in rats.
The preventive effect of uncarboxylated osteocalcin against free fatty acid-induced endothelial apoptosis through the activation of phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase/Akt signaling pathway: Uncarboxylated osteocalcin and endothelial apoptosis.
Free volume in ionic liquids: a connection of experimentally accessible observables from PALS and PVT experiments with the molecular structure from XRD data.
Distinct role of PYK2 in mediating thromboxane generation downstream of both G12/13 and integrin αiibβ in platelets.
The use of antioxidant enzymes in freshwater biofilms: Temporal variability vs. toxicological responses.
Pharmacological and genetic evidence for pre- and postsynaptic D2 receptor involvement in motor responses to nociceptin/orphanin FQ receptor ligands.
Haloperidol promotes mTORC1-dependent phosphorylation of ribosomal protein S6 via dopamine- and cAMP-regulated phosphoprotein of 32 kDa and inhibition of protein phosphatase-1.
Designing, structural elucidation, comparison of DNA binding, cleavage, radical scavenging activity and anticancer activity of copper(I) complex with 5-dimethyl-2-phenyl-4-[(pyridin-2-ylmethylene)-amino]-1,2-dihydro-pyrazol-3-one Schiff base ligand.
Low molecular weight dual inhibitors of factor Xa and fibrinogen binding to GPIIb/IIIa with highly overlapped pharmacophores.
Role of quercetin in cadmium-induced oxidative stress, neuronal damage, and apoptosis in rats.
Oestrogen action on thyroid progenitor cells: relevant for the pathogenesis of thyroid nodules?
Differential regulation of Arabidopsis plastid gene expression and RNA editing in non-photosynthetic tissues.
Drug-drug interactions between HMG-CoA reductase inhibitors (statins) and antiviral protease inhibitors.
Synthesis, structure-activity relationships, and in vivo efficacy of the novel potent and selective anaplastic lymphoma kinase (ALK) inhibitor 5-chloro-N2-(2-isopropoxy-5-methyl-4-(piperidin-4-yl)phenyl)-N4-(2-(isopropylsulf onyl)phenyl)pyrimidine-2,4-diamine (LDK378) currently in phase 1 and phase 2 clinical trials.
Benzodiazepines, but not beta carbolines, limit high frequency repetitive firing of action potentials of spinal cord neurons in cell culture.
Androgens directly stimulate proliferation of bone cells in vitro.
The effect of histamine-H1 receptor antagonism with terfenadine on concentration-related AMP-induced bronchoconstriction in asthma.
Ibrutinib: a review of its use in patients with mantle cell lymphoma or chronic lymphocytic leukaemia.
Effects of beta-adrenoceptor antagonist administration on beta 2-adrenoceptor density in human lymphocytes. The role of the "intrinsic sympathomimetic activity".
Inhibition of 5-lipoxygenase pathway of arachidonic acid metabolism in human neutrophils by sulfasalazine and 5-aminosalicylic acid.
Bevantolol: a beta-1 adrenoceptor antagonist with unique additional actions.
Benzodiazepine receptor binding of triazolobenzodiazepines in vivo: increased receptor number with low-dose alprazolam.
Muscarinic cholinergic and histamine H1 receptor binding of phenothiazine drug metabolites.
Retinoid-induced hemorrhaging and bone toxicity in rats fed diets deficient in vitamin K.
Multiple affinity states of opiate receptor in neuroblastoma x glioma NG108-15 hybrid cells. Opiate agonist association rate is a function of receptor occupancy.
Inhibition of the leukotriene synthetase of rat basophil leukemia cells by diethylcarbamazine, and synergism between diethylcarbamazine and piriprost, a 5-lipoxygenase inhibitor.
Intestinal permeability and lactose hydrolysis in human rotaviral gastroenteritis assessed simultaneously by non-invasive differential sugar permeation.
Characteristics of the binding of phenoxybenzamine to calmodulin.
Pharmacological and clinical studies of the antiandrogen Anandron.
Adenosine receptors: development of selective agonists and antagonists.
Inhibition of testicular LDH-X from laboratory animals and man by gossypol and its isomers.
Inactivation of prostaglandin H synthase and prostacyclin synthase by phenylbutazone. Requirement for peroxidative metabolism.
Drug-protein interactions: isolation and characterization of covalent adducts of phenoxybenzamine and calmodulin.
Amine oxidase activities in brown adipose tissue of the rat: identification of semicarbazide-sensitive (clorgyline-resistant) activity at the fat cell membrane.
Penicillin-binding proteins and role of amdinocillin in causing bacterial cell death.
Loss of alpha 2-macroglobulin and epidermal growth factor surface binding induced by phenothiazines and naphthalene sulfonamides.
The effect of various amino acids and drugs on the para- and meta-hydroxyphenylacetic acid concentrations in the mouse caudate nucleus.
Demonstration of histamine receptors on human platelets by flow cytometry.
The effect of vitamin B6 deficiency on alanine: glyoxylate aminotransferase isoenzymes in rat liver.
How do volatile anesthetics inhibit Ca(2+)-ATPases?
The effect of triclosan on mediators of gingival inflammation.
The dynamics of cobalamin utilization in L-1210 mouse leukemia cells: a model of cellular cobalamin metabolism.
Ergovaline binding and activation of D2 dopamine receptors in GH4ZR7 cells.
Binding of antipsychotic drugs at alpha 1A- and alpha 1B-adrenoceptors: risperidone is selective for the alpha 1B-adrenoceptors.
Mediation of noradrenaline-induced contractions of rat aorta by the alpha 1B-adrenoceptor subtype.
Beta 2- but not beta 1-adrenoceptors are involved in desipramine enhancement of aggressive behavior in long-term isolated mice.
Alpha 1-adrenoceptor subtypes mediating the regulation and modulation of Ca2+ sensitization in rabbit thoracic aorta.
STZ transport and cytotoxicity. Specific enhancement in GLUT2-expressing cells.
Annexin 1 regulation in human epidermal cells.
Inhibitory effects of lysine analogues on t-PA induced whole blood clot lysis.
Histamine enhances the depolarizing afterpotential of immunohistochemically identified vasopressin neurons in the rat supraoptic nucleus via H1-receptor activation.
Adapalene, a new chemical entity with retinoid activity.
Comparative effects of three different potent renin inhibitors in primates.
Inhibition of cytokine-primed eosinophil chemotaxis by nedocromil sodium.
Dominant expression of mRNA for prostaglandin D synthase in leptomeninges, choroid plexus, and oligodendrocytes of the adult rat brain.
cDNA cloning and functional properties of human glutamate receptor EAA3 (GluR5) in homomeric and heteromeric configuration.
Leukotrienes in the pathogenesis of pulmonary blast injury.
Tamsulosin, the first prostate-selective alpha 1A-adrenoceptor antagonist. A meta-analysis of two randomized, placebo-controlled, multicentre studies in patients with benign prostatic obstruction (symptomatic BPH). European Tamsulosin Study Group.
Human prohormone convertase 3 gene: exon-intron organization and molecular scanning for mutations in Japanese subjects with NIDDM.
Desipramine administration in the olfactory bulbectomized rat: changes in brain beta-adrenoceptor and 5-HT2A binding sites and their relationship to behaviour.
Binding of thalidomide to alpha1-acid glycoprotein may be involved in its inhibition of tumor necrosis factor alpha production.
AMPA receptor heterogeneity in rat hippocampal neurons revealed by differential sensitivity to cyclothiazide.
Striatal dopamine, dopamine transporter, and vesicular monoamine transporter in chronic cocaine users.
Purification and characterization of a novel hyaluronan-binding protein (PHBP) from human plasma: it has three EGF, a kringle and a serine protease domain, similar to hepatocyte growth factor activator.
Hypoxemia associated with cimetidine therapy in a newborn infant.
Interactions of 2,3-benzodiazepines and cyclothiazide at AMPA receptors: patch clamp recordings in cultured neurones and area CA1 in hippocampal slices.
Comparison of ligand binding affinities at human I1-imidazoline binding sites and the high affinity state of alpha-2 adrenoceptor subtypes.
Activation of cytoprotective prostaglandin synthase-1 by minoxidil as a possible explanation for its hair growth-stimulating effect.
Clonal CD8+ and CD52- T cells are induced in responding B cell lymphoma patients treated with Campath-1H (anti-CD52).
Clinical manifestations of genetic defects affecting gonadotrophins and their receptors.
Evolution of the aminoacyl-tRNA synthetase family and the organization of the Drosophila glutamyl-prolyl-tRNA synthetase gene. Intron/exon structure of the gene, control of expression of the two mRNAs, selective advantage of the multienzyme complex.
Pharmacology and chemistry of adapalene.
Cinitapride protects against ethanol-induced gastric mucosal injury in rats: role of 5-hydroxytryptamine, prostaglandins and sulfhydryl compounds.
Cloning, characterization, and expression of a calcitonin receptor from guinea pig brain.
Adenosine deaminase is a specific partner for the Grb2 isoform Grb3-3.
Alendronate inhibition of protein-tyrosine-phosphatase-meg1.
Ligand binding specificities of the eight types and subtypes of the mouse prostanoid receptors expressed in Chinese hamster ovary cells.
The structures of thymidine kinase from herpes simplex virus type 1 in complex with substrates and a substrate analogue.
Blockage of the HERG human cardiac K+ channel by the gastrointestinal prokinetic agent cisapride.
Analysis of NMDA receptors in the human spinal cord.
Monoamine transporter and sodium channel mechanisms in the rapid pressor response to cocaine.
Identification of cDNAs encoding two human alpha class glutathione transferases (GSTA3 and GSTA4) and the heterologous expression of GSTA4-4.
Characterization of binding sites of a new neurotensin receptor antagonist, [3H]SR 142948A, in the rat brain.
A new concept of drug delivery for acne.
Isoform-specific inhibition of L-type calcium channels by dihydropyridines is independent of isoform-specific gating properties.
Remethylation defects: guidelines for clinical diagnosis and treatment.
Increased Cat3-mediated cationic amino acid transport functionally compensates in Cat1 knockout cell lines.
Effect of lintitript, a new CCK-A receptor antagonist, on gastric emptying of a solid-liquid meal in humans.
Beta-adrenoceptor-mediated inhibition of IFN-gamma, IL-3, and GM-CSF mRNA accumulation in activated human T lymphocytes is solely mediated by the beta2-adrenoceptor subtype.
Oxytocin receptor binding and uterotonic activity of carbetocin and its metabolites following enzymatic degradation.
Crystallographic analysis of the human phenylalanine hydroxylase catalytic domain with bound catechol inhibitors at 2.0 A resolution.
Various glucocorticoids differ in their ability to induce gene expression, apoptosis and to repress NF-kappaB-dependent transcription.
Cooperative binding of ATP and MgADP in the sulfonylurea receptor is modulated by glibenclamide.
