Selective costimulation modulators: a novel approach for the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis.
Emerging role of epidermal growth factor receptor inhibition in therapy for advanced malignancy: focus on NSCLC.
Effects of chronic social defeat stress on behavior and choline acetyltransferase, 78-kDa glucose-regulated protein, and CCAAT/enhancer-binding protein (C/EBP) homologous protein in adult mice.
Hepatocyte growth factor activator inhibitor type 2 (HAI-2) modulates hepcidin expression by inhibiting the cell surface protease matriptase-2.
Alprenolol and bromoacetylalprenololmenthane are competitive slowly reversible antagonists at the beta 1-adrenoceptors of rat left atria.
Covalent linkage of apolipoprotein e to albumin nanoparticles strongly enhances drug transport into the brain.
Discovery and optimization of anthranilic acid sulfonamides as inhibitors of methionine aminopeptidase-2: a structural basis for the reduction of albumin binding.
Keratinocyte growth factor and acidic fibroblast growth factor are mitogens for primary cultures of mammary epithelium.
Configuration of a scintillation proximity assay for the activity assessment of recombinant human adenine phosphoribosyltransferase.
Cholinesterase inhibitors for Alzheimer's disease.
The effects of mitiglinide (KAD-1229), a new anti-diabetic drug, on ATP-sensitive K+ channels and insulin secretion: comparison with the sulfonylureas and nateglinide.
A systematic comparison of the properties of clinically used angiotensin II type 1 receptor antagonists.
Diuretic effects of cannabinoids.
Nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs induce apoptosis in association with activation of peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor gamma in rheumatoid synovial cells.
Anisotropy of chemical bonding in semifluorinated graphite C2F revealed with angle-resolved X-ray absorption spectroscopy.
Two novel mutations in the MEN1 gene in subjects with multiple endocrine neoplasia-1.
Mutation of arginine 228 to lysine enhances the glucosyltransferase activity of bovine beta-1,4-galactosyltransferase I.
Discovery of novel 2-hydroxydiarylamide derivatives as TMPRSS4 inhibitors.
Conformationally restricted homotryptamines. Part 6: Indole-5-cycloalkyl methylamines as selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors.
Beta1 adrenergic receptor-mediated enhancement of hippocampal CA3 network activity.
P2Y(2) receptor agonist INS37217 enhances functional recovery after detachment caused by subretinal injection in normal and rds mice.
Selective antagonism of GluR5 kainate-receptor-mediated synaptic currents by topiramate in rat basolateral amygdala neurons.
From traditional European medicine to discovery of new drug candidates for the treatment of dementia and Alzheimer's disease: acetylcholinesterase inhibitors.
Structure of acetylcholinesterase complexed with (-)-galanthamine at 2.3 A resolution.
Methyl transfer in glycine N-methyltransferase. A theoretical study.
Water extract of licorice had anti-viral activity against human respiratory syncytial virus in human respiratory tract cell lines.
Parental exposure to natural mixtures of POPs reduced embryo production and altered gene transcription in zebrafish embryos.
Complexities of androgen action.
Combining QSAR classification models for predictive modeling of human monoamine oxidase inhibitors.
Dasatinib (BMS-354825) inhibits KITD816V, an imatinib-resistant activating mutation that triggers neoplastic growth in most patients with systemic mastocytosis.
A water-alcohol extract of Citrus grandis whole fruits has beneficial metabolic effects in the obese Zucker rats fed with high fat/high cholesterol diet.
Dopamine D(2) receptor-induced COX-2-mediated production of prostaglandin E(2) in D(2)-transfected Chinese hamster ovary cells without simultaneous administration of a Ca(2+)-mobilizing agent.
A high throughput assay for the glucuronidation of 7-hydroxy-4-trifluoromethylcoumarin by recombinant human UDP-glucuronosyltransferases and liver microsomes.
Influence of the novel histamine H3 receptor antagonist ST1283 on voluntary alcohol consumption and ethanol-induced place preference in mice.
The tricyclic antidepressant clomipramine increases plasma glucose levels of mice.
p300-mediated acetylation of TRF2 is required for maintaining functional telomeres.
Externalization of phosphatidylserine during apoptosis does not specifically require either isoform of phosphatidylserine synthase.
Characterization of the interaction of ingenol 3-angelate with protein kinase C.
In ovo effects of two organophosphate flame retardants, TCPP and TDCPP, on pipping success, development, mRNA expression and thyroid hormone levels in chicken embryos.
Insulin-degrading enzyme (IDE): a novel heat shock-like protein.
Development of a cell-based high-throughput peroxisome proliferator-activated receptors (PPARs) screening model and its application for evaluation of the extracts from Rhizoma Coptis.
Synthesis of 2-aminomethyl-4-phenyl-1-azabicyclo[2.2.1]heptanes via LiAlH₄-induced reductive cyclization of 2-(4-chloro-2-cyano-2-phenylbutyl)aziridines and evaluation of their antimalarial activity.
Pretreatment renal vascular tone predicts the effect of specific renin inhibition on natriuresis in essential hypertension.
Cloning, functional expression and brain localization of a novel unconventional outward rectifier K+ channel.
Dopamine D2 receptor occupancy by risperidone: implications for the timing and magnitude of clinical response.
Overexpression of beta 1-adrenoceptors in adult rat ventricular myocytes enhances CGP 12177A cardiostimulation: implications for 'putative' beta 4-adrenoceptor pharmacology.
Antithrombin binding of low molecular weight heparins and inhibition of factor Xa.
Further insights into the effect of quinidine in short QT syndrome caused by a mutation in HERG.
Apoptotic cell death in rat epididymis following epichlorohydrin treatment.
Effects of an ethanolic salix extract on the release of selected inflammatory mediators in vitro.
Mutations in the follicle-stimulating hormone-beta (FSH beta) and FSH receptor genes in mice and humans.
Antipsychotic profile of rolipram: efficacy in rats and reduced sensitivity in mice deficient in the phosphodiesterase-4B (PDE4B) enzyme.
Improving the tolerability of anticholinergic agents in the treatment of overactive bladder.
Intradialytic parenteral nutrition: comparison of olive oil versus soybean oil-based lipid emulsions.
Transcriptional control of the arginine/lysine transporter, cat-1, by physiological stress.
Physiological oxygenation status is required for fully differentiated phenotype in kidney cortex proximal tubules.
A human hemi-cornea model for eye irritation testing: quality control of production, reliability and predictive capacity.
Steroidal glycosides from the bulbs of Easter lily (Lilium longiflorum Thunb.) promote dermal fibroblast migration in vitro.
Species-specific pharmacological properties of human alpha(2A)-adrenoceptors.
Gonadotropin-releasing hormone receptor gene expression during pubertal development of male rats.
Nonsedating histamine H1-receptor antagonists.
Anti-inflammatory effect of prunetin via the suppression of NF-κB pathway.
G6PC2: A Negative Regulator of Basal Glucose-Stimulated Insulin Secretion.
Transforming growth factor β integrates Smad 3 to mechanistic target of rapamycin complexes to arrest deptor abundance for glomerular mesangial cell hypertrophy.
R-modafinil (armodafinil): a unique dopamine uptake inhibitor and potential medication for psychostimulant abuse.
Apple polyphenols suppress antigen presentation of ovalbumin by THP-1-derived dendritic cells.
Alternariol induces abnormal nuclear morphology and cell cycle arrest in murine RAW 264.7 macrophages.
Long acting beta-agonists versus theophylline for maintenance treatment of asthma.
Prohormone convertase-1 will process prorelaxin, a member of the insulin family of hormones.
Binding between heparin and the integrin VLA-4.
Extracellular loop 3 (EL3) and EL3-proximal transmembrane helix 7 of the mammalian type I and type II gonadotropin-releasing hormone (GnRH) receptors determine differential ligand selectivity to GnRH-I and GnRH-II.
Success of pyridostigmine, physostigmine, eptastigmine and phosphotriesterase treatments in acute sarin intoxication.
Phase 1 and phase 2 drug metabolism and bile acid production of HepaRG cells in a bioartificial liver in absence of dimethyl sulfoxide.
Dose-dependent effects of vitamin D on transdifferentiation of skeletal muscle cells to adipose cells.
PF-04859989 as a template for structure-based drug design: identification of new pyrazole series of irreversible KAT II inhibitors with improved lipophilic efficiency.
A single residue in leucyl-tRNA synthetase affecting amino acid specificity and tRNA aminoacylation.
Neurochemical control of rapid stress-induced changes in brain aromatase activity.
Differential inhibition of [3H]-oxotremorine-M and [3H]-quinuclinidyl benzilate binding to muscarinic receptors in rat brain membranes with acetylcholinesterase inhibitors.
Abnormally high plasma levels of vitamin B6 in children with autism not taking supplements compared to controls not taking supplements.
Synthesis, molecular modeling and evaluation of novel N'-2-(4-benzylpiperidin-/piperazin-1-yl)acylhydrazone derivatives as dual inhibitors for cholinesterases and Aβ aggregation.
Effect of anabolic-androgenic steroids and glucocorticoids on the kinetics of hAR and hGR nucleocytoplasmic translocation.
Licofelone, a balanced inhibitor of cyclooxygenase and 5-lipoxygenase, reduces inflammation in a rabbit model of atherosclerosis.
No influence of moderate hepatic impairment on the pharmacokinetics of lumiracoxib, an oral COX-2 selective inhibitor.
Alcohol modulates expression of DNA methyltranferases and methyl CpG-/CpG domain-binding proteins in murine embryonic fibroblasts.
Clock Gene Expression in the Liver of Streptozotocin-induced and Spontaneous Type 1 Diabetic Rats.
Comparison of the monoamine oxidase inhibiting properties of two reversible and selective monoamine oxidase-A inhibitors moclobemide and toloxatone, and assessment of their effect on psychometric performance in healthy subjects.
Synthesis and evaluation of nicotinamide derivative as anti-angiogenic agents.
Inhibition of gelatinase A (MMP-2) by batimastat and captopril reduces tumor growth and lung metastases in mice bearing Lewis lung carcinoma.
Methionine synthase reductase polymorphisms are associated with serum osteocalcin levels in postmenopausal women.
Glutathione peroxidases and redox-regulated transcription factors.
Efficacy and long-term safety of alipogene tiparvovec (AAV1-LPL(S447X)) gene therapy for lipoprotein lipase deficiency: an open-label trial.
2,3,7,8-Tetrachlorodibenzo-p-dioxin-mediated production of reactive oxygen species is an essential step in the mechanism of action to accelerate human keratinocyte differentiation.
ATP-binding cassette transporter A1 is involved in hepatic alpha-tocopherol secretion.
Crystal structures of protein phosphatase-1 bound to motuporin and dihydromicrocystin-LA: elucidation of the mechanism of enzyme inhibition by cyanobacterial toxins.
A cocaine-sensitive Drosophila serotonin transporter: cloning, expression, and electrophysiological characterization.
Formation of mainstream cigarette smoke constituents prioritized by the World Health Organization--yield patterns observed in market surveys, clustering and inverse correlations.
Atypical neuroleptics have low affinity for dopamine D2 receptors or are selective for D4 receptors.
alpha7 nicotinic receptor gene promoter polymorphisms in inbred mice affect expression in a cell type-specific fashion.
Synthesis and in vitro pharmacology at AMPA and kainate preferring glutamate receptors of 4-heteroarylmethylidene glutamate analogues.
Pranlukast, a leukotriene receptor antagonist, inhibits interleukin-5 production via a mechanism distinct from leukotriene receptor antagonism.
The platelet P2 receptors as molecular targets for old and new antiplatelet drugs.
Effect of thiazolidinediones on equilibrative nucleoside transporter-1 in human aortic smooth muscle cells.
Genetic predictors of the maximum doses patients receive during clinical use of the anti-epileptic drugs carbamazepine and phenytoin.
Fisetin regulates obesity by targeting mTORC1 signaling.
Cyclin E-cdk2 activation is associated with cell cycle arrest and inhibition of DNA replication induced by the thymidylate synthase inhibitor Tomudex.
Modulation of cellular insulin signaling and PTP1B effects by lipid metabolites in skeletal muscle cells.
Functional analyses of glycyl-tRNA synthetase mutations suggest a key role for tRNA-charging enzymes in peripheral axons.
IFN-gamma-induced IDO and WRS expression in microglia is differentially regulated by IL-4.
SIRT1 inhibits NADPH oxidase activation and protects endothelial function in the rat aorta: Implications for vascular aging.
EROD activity induction in peripheral blood lymphocytes, liver and brain tissues of rats orally exposed to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Genome-wide screen for modulation of hepatic apolipoprotein A-I (ApoA-I) secretion.
Update on the use of aromatase inhibitors in breast cancer.
High density lipoprotein as a source of cholesterol for adrenal steroidogenesis: a study in individuals with low plasma HDL-C.
Neural tube defects and folate pathway genes: family-based association tests of gene-gene and gene-environment interactions.
Identification and synthesis of N-(thiophen-2-yl) benzamide derivatives as BRAF(V600E) inhibitors.
Robust array-based coregulator binding assay predicting ERα-agonist potency and generating binding profiles reflecting ligand structure.
Rapid and specific purification of Argonaute-small RNA complexes from crude cell lysates.
Sodium fluoride induces apoptosis in odontoblasts via a JNK-dependent mechanism.
The potassium channel subunit Kvbeta3 interacts with pannexin 1 and attenuates its sensitivity to changes in redox potentials.
Optoelectronic Processes in Squaraine Dye-Doped OLEDs for Emission in the Near-Infrared.
Phosphodiesterase inhibitors. Part 5: hybrid PDE3/4 inhibitors as dual bronchorelaxant/anti-inflammatory agents for inhaled administration.
Using a fragment-based approach to target protein-protein interactions.
Fumarate reductase is essential for Helicobacter pylori colonization of the mouse stomach.
Tryptophan hydroxylase mRNA levels are elevated by repeated immobilization stress in rat raphe nuclei but not in pineal gland.
Iron and zinc bioavailability in Caco-2 cells: influence of caseinophosphopeptides.
An overview on the marine neurotoxin, saxitoxin: genetics, molecular targets, methods of detection and ecological functions.
Pulmonary delivery of an aerosolized recombinant human butyrylcholinesterase pretreatment protects against aerosolized paraoxon in macaques.
Anti-diabetic property of Tinospora cordifolia and its active compound is mediated through the expression of Glut-4 in L6 myotubes.
Differential IL-2 receptor expression in renal allograft recipients treated with an anti-IL-2-receptor antibody.
Medical therapy and quality of life.
Bioinspired Water-Enhanced Mechanical Gradient Nanocomposite Films That Mimic the Architecture and Properties of the Squid Beak.
Wired Enzyme Electrodes-A Retroperspective Story about an Exciting Time at University of Texas at Austin and Its Impact on My Scientific Career.
Antithrombotic activity of a newly synthesized coumarin derivative 3-(5-hydroxy-2,2-dimethyl-chroman-6-yl)-N-{2-[3-(5-hydroxy-2,2-dimethyl-chroman-6-yl)-propionylamino]-ethyl}-propionamide.
Central 5-HT3 receptor stimulation by m-CPBG increases blood glucose in rats.
3'-R/S-Hydroxyvoacamine, a potent acetylcholinesterase inhibitor from Tabernaemontana divaricata.
TCF7L2 Variation and Proliferative Diabetic Retinopathy.
α-Amino-α´-Halomethylketones: Synthetic Methodologies and Pharmaceutical Applications as Serine and Cysteine Protease Inhibitors.
5-Lipoxygenase inhibitors: a review of recent patents (2010 - 2012).
Super-stable ultrafine beta-tungsten nanocrystals with metastable phase and related magnetism.
Transport Function and Transcriptional Regulation of a Liver-Enriched Human Organic Anion Transporting Polypeptide 2B1 Transcriptional Start Site Variant.
TLR4 antagonist reduces early-stage atherosclerosis in diabetic apolipoprotein E-deficient mice.
The neuropharmacological basis for the use of memantine in the treatment of Alzheimer's disease.
Expansion of the Homeostasis Model Assessment of β-Cell Function and Insulin Resistance to Enable Clinical Trial Outcome Modeling Through the Interactive Adjustment of Physiology and Treatment Effects--iHOMA2.
Roles of rifampicin in drug-drug interactions: underlying molecular mechanisms involving the nuclear pregnane X receptor.
Screening for (anti)androgenic properties using a standard operation protocol based on the human stably transfected androgen sensitive PALM cell line. First steps towards validation.
Evidence for a new binding mode to GSK-3: allosteric regulation by the marine compound palinurin.
Pharmacological Inhibition of Platelet-tumor Cell Cross-talk Prevents Platelet-induced Overexpression of Cyclooxygenase-2 in HT29 Human Colon Carcinoma Cells.
Targeting protein-protein interactions within the cyclic AMP signaling system as a therapeutic strategy for cardiovascular disease.
Anxiolytic- but not antidepressant-like activity of Lu AF21934, a novel, selective positive allosteric modulator of the mGlu₄ receptor.
Lead-induced ER calcium release and inhibitory effects of methionine choline in cultured rat hippocampal neurons.
Critical amino acids in phosphodiesterase-5 catalytic site that provide for high-affinity interaction with cyclic guanosine monophosphate and inhibitors.
Alteration of α-tocopherol-associated protein (TAP) expression in human breast epithelial cells during breast cancer development.
International Union of Pharmacology. LXXXVII. Complement peptide C5a, C4a, and C3a receptors.
Short-term heating reduces the anti-inflammatory effects of fresh raw garlic extracts on the LPS-induced production of NO and pro-inflammatory cytokines by downregulating allicin activity in RAW 264.7 macrophages.
MORAb-003, a fully humanized monoclonal antibody against the folate receptor alpha, for the potential treatment of epithelial ovarian cancer.
Artificial sweeteners and salts producing a metallic taste sensation activate TRPV1 receptors.
Molecular mechanisms of fibrosis-associated promotion of liver carcinogenesis.
2-Arylpropionic CXC chemokine receptor 1 (CXCR1) ligands as novel noncompetitive CXCL8 inhibitors.
Role of organic cation/carnitine transporter 1 in uptake of phenformin and inhibitory effect on complex I respiration in mitochondria.
Synthesis and biological evaluation of xanthine derivatives on dipeptidyl peptidase 4.
5-HT1B receptors, alpha2A/2C- and, to a lesser extent, alpha1-adrenoceptors mediate the external carotid vasoconstriction to ergotamine in vagosympathectomised dogs.
Influence of the dopamine D2 receptor (DRD2) exon 8 genotype on efficacy of tiapride and clinical outcome of alcohol withdrawal.
Peroxynitrite mediates testosterone-induced vasodilation of microvascular resistance vessels.
Mouse brain serine racemase catalyzes specific elimination of L-serine to pyruvate.
Ankyrin repeat and suppressors of cytokine signaling box protein asb-9 targets creatine kinase B for degradation.
Tamoxifen and fluoxymesterone versus tamoxifen and danazol in metastatic breast cancer--a randomized study.
Effect of quercetin-rich onion peel extracts on arterial thrombosis in rats.
Thyroid hormone receptors/THR genes in human cancer.
Warfarin dose and the pharmacogenomics of CYP2C9 and VKORC1 - rationale and perspectives.
Pseudoephedrine inhibits T-cell activation by targeting NF-kappaB, NFAT and AP-1 signaling pathways.
Diethylcarbamazine activity against Brugia malayi microfilariae is dependent on inducible nitric-oxide synthase and the cyclooxygenase pathway.
SUR-dependent modulation of KATP channels by an N-terminal KIR6.2 peptide. Defining intersubunit gating interactions.
Monocarboxylate transporters in the central nervous system: distribution, regulation and function.
Lysine 48-linked polyubiquitination of organic anion transporter-1 is essential for its protein kinase C-regulated endocytosis.
Differentiating the roles of mGlu2 and mGlu3 receptors using LY541850, an mGlu2 agonist/mGlu3 antagonist.
Characterization of rat brain aldosterone receptors reveals high affinity for corticosterone.
Acromegaly: molecular expression of somatostatin receptor subtypes and treatment outcome.
REMNANT UPTAKE AS A POSTOPERATIVE ONCOLOGIC QUALITY INDICATOR.
Bioactivation of the nasal toxicant 2,6-dichlorobenzonitrile: an assessment of metabolic activity in human nasal mucosa and identification of indicators of exposure and potential toxicity.
Effects of some mono- and bisquaternary ammonium compounds on the reactivatability of soman-inhibited human acetylcholinesterase in vitro.
Atp-bound topoisomerase ii as a target for antitumor drugs.
Tunable morphology and mesophase formation by naphthalene-containing poly(aryl ether) dendron-based low-molecular-weight fluorescent gels.
Turnover of type II collagen and aggrecan in cartilage matrix at the onset of inflammatory arthritis in humans: relationship to mediators of systemic and local inflammation.
Activation of ALDH2 with ethanol attenuates diabetes induced myocardial injury in rats.
Kinetic mechanism of quinone oxidoreductase 2 and its inhibition by the antimalarial quinolines.
HISTONE DEACETYLASE INHIBITION AFFECTS SODIUM IODIDE SYMPORTER (NIS) EXPRESSION AND INDUCES ¹³¹I CYTOTOXICITY IN ANAPLASTIC THYROID CANCER CELLS.
EphB4 enhances the process of endochondral ossification and inhibits remodeling during bone fracture repair.
Inverted CdSe/CdS/ZnS quantum dot light emitting devices with titanium dioxide as an electron-injection contact.
Pharmacokinetic Interactions between Monoamine Oxidase A Inhibitor Harmaline and 5-Methoxy-N,N-Dimethyltryptamine, and the Impact of CYP2D6 Status.
Iodine-129 microdosing for protein and peptide drug development: erythropoietin as a case study.
Compared pharmacological characteristics in humans of racemic cetirizine and levocetirizine, two histamine H1-receptor antagonists.
Vegfrecine, an Inhibitor of VEGF Receptor Tyrosine Kinases Isolated from the Culture Broth of Streptomyces sp.
Substrate specificity of the human renal sodium dicarboxylate cotransporter, hNaDC-3, under voltage-clamp conditions.
Effects of inhibition of urokinase-type plasminogen activator (u-PA) by amiloride in the cornea and tear fluid of eyes irradiated with UVB.
Rapid glucocorticoid receptor-mediated inhibition of hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal ultradian activity in healthy males.
Localization of L-glutamate decarboxylase and GABA transaminase immunoreactivity in the sympathetic ganglia of the rat.
Albiglutide: a new GLP-1 receptor agonist for the treatment of type 2 diabetes.
Pharmacophore identification of c-Myc inhibitor 10074-G5.
Treatment of Niemann-Pick disease type C in two children with miglustat: initial responses and maintenance of effects over 1 year.
Safrole-2',3'-oxide induces atherosclerotic plaque vulnerability in apolipoprotein E-knockout mice.
Mechanism of action of dopaminergic agents in Parkinson's disease.
Soy protein suppresses gene expression of acetyl-coA carboxylase alpha from promoter PI in rat liver.
Polymethoxyflavones as agents that prevent formation of cataract: nobiletin congeners show potent growth inhibitory effects in human lens epithelial cells.
The in vivo antioxidant and antifibrotic properties of green tea (Camellia sinensis, Theaceae).
Comparison of vaginal aminopeptidase enzymatic activities in various animals and in humans.
In silico identification of poly(ADP-ribose)polymerase-1 inhibitors and their chemosensitizing effects against cisplatin-resistant human gastric cancer cells.
Peptidyl-prolyl cis/trans-isomerase A1 (Pin1) is a target for modification by lipid electrophiles.
Withdrawal from free-choice ethanol consumption results in increased packing density of glutamine synthetase-immunoreactive astrocytes in the prelimbic cortex of alcohol-preferring rats.
Fetal PGC-1α overexpression programs adult pancreatic β-cell dysfunction.
Rufinamide attenuates mechanical allodynia in a model of neuropathic pain in the mouse and stabilizes voltage-gated sodium channel inactivated state.
All-trans retinoic acid protects hepatocellular carcinoma cells against serum-starvation-induced cell death by upregulating collagen 8A2.
Cloning and expression of a heme binding protein from the genome of Saccharomyces cerevisiae.
Transcriptional regulation of human ferredoxin 1 in ovarian granulosa cells.
Evaluation of flutamide genotoxicity in rats and in primary human hepatocytes.
Novel non-canonical TGF-β signaling networks: emerging roles in airway smooth muscle phenotype and function.
Oxidative status in ICU patients with septic shock.
NADPH Oxidase NOX5-S and Nuclear Factor κB1 Mediate Acid-Induced Microsomal Prostaglandin E Synthase-1 Expression in Barrett's Esophageal Adenocarcinoma Cells.
Butein protects human dental pulp cells from hydrogen peroxide-induced oxidative toxicity via Nrf2 pathway-dependent heme oxygenase-1 expressions.
Folding pathway of guanidine-denatured disulfide-intact wild-type and mutant bovine pancreatic ribonuclease A.
Nutrient signaling in protein homeostasis: an increase in quantity at the expense of quality.
Cortisol and interferon tau regulation of endometrial function and conceptus development in female sheep.
2-(2-Aminoethyl)-quinoline (D-1997): a novel agonist at 5-hydroxytryptamine1-like receptors in the canine basilar artery.
Vitamin K2 covalently binds to Bak and induces Bak-mediated apoptosis.
Effect of developmental dioxin exposure on methylation and expression of specific imprinted genes in mice.
Rasagiline protects against alpha-synuclein induced sensitivity to oxidative stress in dopaminergic cells.
Tolvaptan and its potential in the treatment of hyponatremia.
alpha(1B) adrenergic receptors in gonadotrophin-releasing hormone neurones: relation to Transport-P.
Fisetin averts oxidative stress in pancreatic tissues of streptozotocin-induced diabetic rats.
Inhibition of the uterotropic activity of estrogens and antiestrogens by the short acting antiestrogen LY117018.
High-glucose environment enhanced oxidative stress and increased interleukin-8 secretion from keratinocytes: New insights on impaired diabetic wound healing.
Effects of 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo [4, 5-b] pyridine (PhIP) on histopathology, oxidative stress, and expression of c-fos, c-jun and p16 in rat stomachs.
A novel method for preparing complete antigens of gonyautoxin 2,3 and their feature of immunogenicity.
Tetrahydrobiopterin in nitric oxide synthesis: a novel biological role for pteridines.
Prostacyclin analogues inhibit tissue factor expression in the human monocytic cell line THP-1 via a cyclic AMP-dependent mechanism.
Amphetamine-type central nervous system stimulants release norepinephrine more potently than they release dopamine and serotonin.
Genetic risk factors for infection in patients with early rheumatoid arthritis.
Design, synthesis, and structure-activity relationship studies of tryptanthrins as antitubercular agents.
Serotonin-glutamate and serotonin-dopamine reciprocal interactions as putative molecular targets for novel antipsychotic treatments: from receptor heterodimers to postsynaptic scaffolding and effector proteins.
The serotonin transporter polymorphism, 5HTTLPR, is associated with a faster response time to sertraline in an elderly population with major depressive disorder.
Histone deacetylase 3 is required for maintenance of bone mass during aging.
Enzyme expression profiles suggest the novel tumor-activated fluoropyrimidine carbamate capecitabine (Xeloda) might be effective against papillary thyroid cancers of children and young adults.
Nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs activate carbonic anhydrase by a direct mechanism of action.
Surface-modified HK:siRNA nanoplexes with enhanced pharmacokinetics and tumor growth inhibition.
Inhibition of platelet receptors involved in neutrophil-platelet interaction in model cardiopulmonary bypass.
A comparison of the effects of nabumetone vs meloxicam on serum thromboxane B2 and platelet function in healthy volunteers.
Diclofenac inhibits proliferation and differentiation of neural stem cells.
Correlation between activation of PPARγ and resistin downregulation in a mouse adipocyte cell line by a series of thiazolidinediones.
Identification of aldo-keto reductases as NRF2-target marker genes in human cells.
Cellular mechanisms of insulin resistance: role of stress-regulated serine kinases and insulin receptor substrates (IRS) serine phosphorylation.
Angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibition and AT1 receptor blockade modify the pressure-natriuresis relationship by additive mechanisms in rats with human renin and angiotensinogen genes.
A novel SCN5A arrhythmia mutation, M1766L, with expression defect rescued by mexiletine.
Neuroprotective effects of oxymatrine against excitotoxicity partially through down-regulation of NR2B-containing NMDA receptors.
Phenotypic analysis of ovine antigen presenting cells loaded with nanoparticles migrating from the site of vaccination.
Emodin-6-O-β-D-glucoside inhibits HMGB1-induced inflammatory responses in vitro and in vivo.
Copy number variations of the human histamine H4 receptor gene are associated with systemic lupus erythematosus.
Pharmacology of ramelteon, a selective MT1/MT2 receptor agonist: a novel therapeutic drug for sleep disorders.
Antimyeloma effects of a novel synthetic retinoid Am80 (Tamibarotene) through inhibition of angiogenesis.
Mechanisms of inhibition of calmodulin-stimulated cyclic nucleotide phosphodiesterase by dihydropyridine calcium antagonists.
Efficient MRI labeling of endothelial progenitor cells: Design of thiolated surface stabilized superparamagnetic iron oxide nanoparticles.
Selective inhibitors and tailored activity probes for lipoprotein-associated phospholipase A(2).
Arformoterol: (R,R)-eformoterol, (R,R)-formoterol, arformoterol tartrate, eformoterol-sepracor, formoterol-sepracor, R,R-eformoterol, R,R-formoterol.
Role of nitric oxide in the chemistry and anticancer activity of etoposide (VP-16,213).
Acyl-CoA synthetase isoforms 1, 4, and 5 are present in different subcellular membranes in rat liver and can be inhibited independently.
The tyrosine kinase inhibitor ZD1839 ("Iressa") inhibits HER2-driven signaling and suppresses the growth of HER2-overexpressing tumor cells.
Integrated chemical and biological analysis to explain estrogenic potency in bile extracts of red mullet (Mullus barbatus).
[Pharmacological effects of a mu-opioid receptor antagonist naltrexone on alcohol dependence].
Re-evaluation of lisuride pharmacology: 5-hydroxytryptamine1A receptor-mediated behavioral effects overlap its other properties in rats.
Bupropion inhibits nicotine-evoked [(3)H]overflow from rat striatal slices preloaded with [(3)H]dopamine and from rat hippocampal slices preloaded with [(3)H]norepinephrine.
Nitrogen-containing bisphosphonates induce apoptosis of hematopoietic tumor cells via inhibition of Ras signaling pathways and Bim-mediated activation of the intrinsic apoptotic pathway.
CASK is a new intracellular modulator of P2X3 receptors.
Bile acids induce cdx2 expression through the farnesoid x receptor in gastric epithelial cells.
Mazindol analogues as potential inhibitors of the cocaine binding site at the dopamine transporter.
Herbicidal inhibitors of amino acid biosynthesis and herbicide-tolerant crops.
Mechanisms of Glucose Lowering of Dipeptidyl Peptidase-4 Inhibitor Sitagliptin When Used Alone or With Metformin in Type 2 Diabetes: A double-tracer study.
Modulation of cytochrome P450 1 (Cyp1) by vanadium in hepatic tissue and isolated hepatocyte of C57BL/6 mice.
Glucocorticosteroids affect functions of airway- and blood-derived human T-cell clones, favoring the Th1 profile through two mechanisms.
Pregnane X Receptor Mediates Dyslipidemia Induced by the HIV Protease Inhibitor Amprenavir in Mice.
Charge screening between anionic and cationic surfactants in ionic liquids.
Anti-diabetic Activity of Swertiamarin is due to an Active Metabolite, Gentianine, that Upregulates PPAR-γ Gene Expression in 3T3-L1 cells.
[Brugada syndrome].
The effects of jaspamide on human cardiomyocyte function and cardiac ion channel activity.
Carvedilol modulates the expression of hypoxia-inducible factor-1alpha and vascular endothelial growth factor in a rat model of volume-overload heart failure.
Apoptosis induced by oxidized lipids is associated with up-regulation of p66Shc in intestinal Caco-2 cells: protective effects of phenolic compounds.
Serine racemases from barley, Hordeum vulgare L., and other plant species represent a distinct eukaryotic group: gene cloning and recombinant protein characterization.
Characterization of renal ecto-phosphodiesterase.
Hyperglycemia slows embryonic growth and suppresses cell cycle via cyclin D1 and p21.
Effect of ketoconazole on the pharmacokinetic profile of ambrisentan.
A Model-Based Approach to Predict Longitudinal HbA1c, Using Early Phase Glucose Data From Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus Patients After Anti-Diabetic Treatment.
Reduction of dimethylarsinic acid to the highly toxic dimethylarsinous acid by rats and rat liver cytosol.
Effect of thiazinotrienomycin B, an ansamycin antibiotic, on the function of epidermal growth factor receptor in human stomach tumor cells.
Vapreotide: a somatostatin analog for the treatment of acute variceal bleeding.
Sorafenib (BAY 43-9006, Nexavar), a dual-action inhibitor that targets RAF/MEK/ERK pathway in tumor cells and tyrosine kinases VEGFR/PDGFR in tumor vasculature.
Treatment-related osteoporosis in men with prostate cancer.
Rapamycin allosterically inhibits the proteasome.
Effect of MELANOTAN, [Nle(4), D-Phe(7)]-alpha-MSH, on melanin synthesis in humans with MC1R variant alleles.
In vitro simulation of therapeutic plasmatic fibrinolysis.
Novel assays for detection of urinary KIM-1 in mouse models of kidney injury.
Impaired antibody synthesis after spinal cord injury is level dependent and is due to sympathetic nervous system dysregulation.
Zuclopenthixol facilitates memory retrieval in rats: possible involvement of noradrenergic and serotonergic mechanisms.
Selective Bisubstrate Inhibitors with Sub-nanomolar Affinity for Protein Kinase Pim-1.
Nuclear receptor CAR specifically activates the two-pore K+ channel Kcnk1 gene in male mouse livers, which attenuates phenobarbital-induced hepatic hyperplasia.
Development of new cyclic plasmin inhibitors with excellent potency and selectivity.
Different responses to dexamethasone and prednisolone in the same depressed patients.
Adolescence methylphenidate treatment in a rodent model of attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder: Dopamine transporter function and cellular distribution in adulthood.
Dual inhibitor of PDE7 and GSK-3-VP1.15 acts as antipsychotic and cognitive enhancer in C57BL/6J mice.
Comparison of inhibitory effects of meloxicam and diclofenac on human thromboxane biosynthesis after single doses and at steady state.
Interleukin 2 toxin: a step toward selective immunomodulation.
3D Organotypic Cultures of Human HepaRG Cells: A Tool for In Vitro Toxicity Studies.
Inhibition of angiogenesis and invasion by DMBT is mediated by downregulation of VEGF and MMP-9 through Akt pathway in MDA-MB-231 breast cancer cells.
Quantitative determination of fatty acid chain composition in pork meat products by high resolution 1H NMR spectroscopy.
Identification of the regulatory region of the L-type pyruvate kinase gene in mouse liver by hydrodynamics-based gene transfection.
The Ras-GTPase activity of neurofibromin restrains ERK-dependent FGFR signaling during endochondral bone formation.
Felbamate block of recombinant N-methyl-D-aspartate receptors: selectivity for the NR2B subunit.
Adrenocortical reserves in hyperthyroidism.
Mechanisms of agonist-induced down-regulation of the human kappa-opioid receptor: internalization is required for down-regulation.
Dose-dependent release of endogenous tissue factor pathway inhibitor by different low molecular weight heparins.
Life-threatening hypoglycemia associated with intentional insulin ingestion.
Effect of water extracts from edible myrtaceae plants on uptake of 2-(n-(7-nitrobenz-2-oxa-1,3-diazol-4-yl)amino)-2-deoxyglucose in TNF-α-treated FL83B mouse hepatocytes.
FXR-dependent and -independent interaction of glucocorticoids with the regulatory pathways involved in the control of bile acid handling by the liver.
Ethanol extract of Adiantum capillus-veneris L. suppresses the production of inflammatory mediators by inhibiting NF-κB activation.
Robust autoactivation, chymotrypsin C independence and diminished secretion define a subset of hereditary pancreatitis associated cationic trypsinogen mutants.
Small molecule mediated proliferation of primary retinal pigment epithelial cells.
Murine chromosomal location of the mu and kappa opioid receptor genes.
The exposure of highly toxic aconitine does not significantly impact the activity and expression of cytochrome P450 3A in rats determined by a novel ultra performance liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometric method of a specific probe buspirone.
The yeast cap binding complex modulates transcription factor recruitment and establishes proper histone H3K36 trimethylation during active transcription.
Kinetic and stereochemical studies on novel inactivators of C-terminal amidation.
Chalcogenopyrylium Dyes as Differential Modulators of Organic Anion Transport by MRP1, MRP2 and MRP4.
Zinc drives a tertiary fold in the prion protein with familial disease mutation sites at the interface.
IFNα converts IL-22 into a cytokine efficiently activating STAT1 and its downstream targets.
Gemfibrozil, a lipid-lowering drug, inhibits the induction of nitric-oxide synthase in human astrocytes.
Central sympatholysis as a novel countermeasure for cocaine-induced sympathetic activation and vasoconstriction in humans.
The inhibitory effect of sodium nitroprusside on HIF-1 activation is not dependent on nitric oxide-soluble guanylyl cyclase pathway.
Indomethacin activates carbonic anhydrase and antagonizes the effect of the specific carbonic anhydrase inhibitor acetazolamide, by a direct mechanism of action.
Recent developments in the synthesis of acetylcholinesterase inhibitors.
Development and validation of NIR-chemometric methods for chemical and pharmaceutical characterization of meloxicam tablets.
Juglone, isolated from Juglans mandshurica Maxim, induces apoptosis via down-regulation of AR expression in human prostate cancer LNCaP cells.
Anticancer activity of novel hybrid molecules containing 5-benzylidene thiazolidine-2,4-dione.
Methylation damage to RNA induced in vivo in Escherichia coli is repaired by endogenous AlkB as part of the adaptive response.
Association of serum proprotein convertase subtilisin/kexin type 9 with carotid intima media thickness in hypertensive subjects.
Astemizole, a potent histamine H1-receptor antagonist: effect in allergic rhinoconjunctivitis, on antigen and histamine induced skin weal responses and relationship to serum levels.
Rivastigmine for Alzheimer's disease.
NHE3 inhibition activates duodenal bicarbonate secretion in the rat.
The Prevalence of Meeting A1C, Blood Pressure, and LDL Goals Among People With Diabetes, 1988-2010.
EphB1 null mice exhibit neuronal loss in substantia nigra pars reticulata and spontaneous locomotor hyperactivity.
pH-responsive composite microspheres based on magnetic mesoporous silica nanoparticle for drug delivery.
Novel therapeutic targets in non-small cell lung cancer.
Mechanisms limiting distribution of the threonine-protein kinase B-RaF(V600E) inhibitor dabrafenib to the brain: implications for the treatment of melanoma brain metastases.
PXR antagonists and implication in drug metabolism.
Biophysical properties, pharmacology, and modulation of human, neuronal L-type (alpha(1D), Ca(V)1.3) voltage-dependent calcium currents.
Antofine-induced connexin43 gap junction disassembly in rat astrocytes involves protein kinase Cβ.
Torasemide inhibits angiotensin II-induced vasoconstriction and intracellular calcium increase in the aorta of spontaneously hypertensive rats.
Characterization of tyrosinase inhibitors in the twigs of Cudrania tricuspidata and their structure-activity relationship study.
Pyridoxal 5'-phosphate may be curative in early-onset epileptic encephalopathy.
The prostaglandin E series modulates high-voltage-activated calcium channels probably through the EP3 receptor in rat paratracheal ganglia.
Inhibition of MCP-1 and MIP-2 transcription and translation by mimosine in muscle tissue infected with the parasite Trichinella spiralis.
Balancing societal needs and regulatory certainty: the case study of peramivir in Japan.
The influence of sex, ethnicity, and CYP2B6 genotype on bupropion metabolism as an index of hepatic CYP2B6 activity in humans.
Alpha-2 adrenoceptor subtype causing nitric oxide-mediated vascular relaxation in rats.
Determination of paralytic shellfish poisoning toxins by HILIC-MS/MS coupled with dispersive solid phase extraction.
Comparative gene expression profiling of in vitro differentiated megakaryocytes and erythroblasts identifies novel activatory and inhibitory platelet membrane proteins.
Neostigmine: safe and effective treatment for acute colonic pseudo-obstruction.
Apoptosis initiation of β-ionone in SGC-7901 gastric carcinoma cancer cells via a PI3K-AKT pathway.
Eprosartan for the treatment of hypertension.
Reductive detoxification of arylhydroxylamine carcinogens by human NADH cytochrome b5 reductase and cytochrome b5.
Conformation Guides Molecular Efficacy in Docking Screens of Activated β-2 Adrenergic G Protein Coupled Receptor.
Conformational transitions linked to active site ligation in human thrombin: effect on the interaction with fibrinogen and the cleavable platelet receptor.
Neuropsychological and conditioned blocking performance in patients with schizophrenia: assessment of the contribution of neuroleptic dose, serum levels and dopamine D2-receptor occupancy.
Clinical effects of pranlukast, an oral leukotriene receptor antagonist, in mild-to-moderate asthma: a 4 week randomized multicentre controlled trial.
Physicochemical parameters that influence carotenoids bioaccessibility from a tomato juice.
Acute and chronic interference with BDNF/TrkB-signaling impair LTP selectively at mossy fiber synapses in the CA3 region of mouse hippocampus.
Drug binding interactions in the inner cavity of HERG channels: molecular insights from structure-activity relationships of clofilium and ibutilide analogs.
Iron overload inhibits osteoblast biological activity through oxidative stress.
Adrenergic agonists suppress the proliferation of microglia through beta 2-adrenergic receptor.
Copper induced upregulation of apoptosis related genes in zebrafish (Danio rerio) gill.
Gene expression signature of parathion-transformed human breast epithelial cells.
Purification and multimeric structure of bovine N-acetylglucosamine-1-phosphodiester alpha-N-acetylglucosaminidase.
Impact of ketorolac administration around ovarian stimulation on in vivo and in vitro fertilization and subsequent embryo development.
Passive stiffness of airway smooth muscle: the next target for improving airway distensibility and treatment for asthma?
The vascular protective properties of kinsenoside isolated from Anoectochilus roxburghii under high glucose condition.
Prenatal exposure to bisphenol A impacts midbrain dopamine neurons and hippocampal spine synapses in non-human primates.
Potentiation of sulfonylurea action by an EPAC-selective cAMP analog in INS-1 cells: comparison of tolbutamide and gliclazide and a potential role for EPAC activation of a 2-APB-sensitive Ca2+ influx.
Energy depletion of bovine mammary epithelial cells activates AMPK and suppresses protein synthesis through inhibition of mTORC1 signaling.
Conivaptan: a dual vasopressin receptor v1a/v2 antagonist [corrected].
Histamine and asthma: an appraisal based on specific H1-receptor antagonism.
Identification of novel FLT3 kinase inhibitors.
Enzyme-responsive surface erosion of poly(ethylene carbonate) for controlled drug release.
Genome-wide integrated analyses of androgen receptor signaling in prostate cancer based on high-throughput technology.
Glucagon receptor antagonism improves islet function in mice with insulin resistance induced by a high-fat diet.
Cis-silencing of PIP5K1B evidenced in Friedreich's ataxia patient cells results in cytoskeleton anomalies.
Involvement of regucalcin in lipid metabolism and diabetes.
AMP-activated protein kinase-dependent and -independent mechanisms underlying in vitro antiglioma action of compound C.
Evidence that the granulocyte colony-stimulating factor (G-CSF) receptor plays a role in the pharmacokinetics of G-CSF and PegG-CSF using a G-CSF-R KO model.
Duloxetine hydrochloride: a new dual-acting medication for the treatment of major depressive disorder.
In vivo effects of amtolmetin guacyl on lipid peroxidation and antioxidant defence systems. Comparison with non-selective and COX-2 selective NSAIDs.
Reversible inhibition of human carboxylesterases by acyl glucuronides.
NF-κB-associated mechanisms underlying the response of embryonic cells to Doxorubicin.
Protective effect of crocin on diazinon induced cardiotoxicity in rats in subchronic exposure.
Nutrients and bioactive compounds of Thai indigenous fruits.
A genetic program promotes C. elegans longevity at cold temperatures via a thermosensitive TRP channel.
Effect of fenoterol-induced constitutive beta(2)-adrenoceptor activity on contractile receptor function in airway smooth muscle.
Beta-glucogallin reduces the expression of lipopolysaccharide-induced inflammatory markers by inhibition of aldose reductase in murine macrophages and ocular tissues.
Differential phosphoproteome of the striatum from pleiotrophin knockout and midkine knockout mice treated with amphetamine: Correlations with amphetamine-induced neurotoxicity.
Universal rule on chirality-dependent bandgaps in graphene antidot lattices.
Exogenous C2-ceramide activates c-fos serum response element via Rac-dependent signalling pathway.
Effect of ramelteon (TAK-375), a selective MT1/MT2 receptor agonist, on motor performance in mice.
The role of platelet/lymphocyte serotonin transporter in depression and beyond.
Synthesis and cancer stem cell-based activity of substituted 5-morpholino-7H-thieno[3,2-b]pyran-7-ones designed as next generation PI3K inhibitors.
Heterobivalent dual-target probe for targeting GRP and Y1 receptors on tumor cells.
Induction of the metabolic regulator Txnip in fasting-induced and natural torpor.
Design, synthesis and antiproliferative properties of some new 5-substituted-2-iminobenzimidazole derivatives.
Immunomodulatory properties of multi-walled carbon nanotubes in peripheral blood mononuclear cells from healthy subjects and allergic patients.
2-aminothiazoles with improved pharmacotherapeutic properties for treatment of prion disease.
Immunotherapy for De Novo renal transplantation: what's in the pipeline?
Effect of apocalmodulin on recombinant human brain glutamic acid decarboxylase.
Hydrogen sulfide acts as a mediator of inflammation in acute pancreatitis: in vitro studies using isolated mouse pancreatic acinar cells.
Thermodynamic determination of the binding constants of angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors by a displacement method.
Antiaggressive activity of central oxytocin in male rats.
Possible Therapeutic Uses of Salvia triloba and Piper nigrum in Alzheimer's Disease-Induced Rats.
Glutathione conjugation attenuates biological activities of 6-dehydroshogaol from ginger.
Hydrogen sulfide as an allosteric modulator of ATP-sensitive potassium channels in colonic inflammation.
[Short QT syndrome].
The pure antiandrogen RU 23908 (Anandron), a candidate of choice for the combined antihormonal treatment of prostatic cancer: a review.
Cytochrome P450-mediated herb-drug interaction potential of Galgeun-tang.
Mechanisms of cefadroxil uptake in the choroid plexus: studies in wild-type and PEPT2 knockout mice.
Comparative proteomics of ovarian epithelial tumors.
The effects of the adenosine A3 receptor agonist IB-MECA on sodium taurocholate-induced experimental acute pancreatitis.
Pyrrolopyrazines as Selective Spleen Tyrosine Kinase Inhibitors.
Bioactive microconstituents and antioxidant properties of wild edible mushrooms from the island of Lesvos, Greece.
Optimization of taxane binding to microtubules: binding affinity dissection and incremental construction of a high-affinity analog of paclitaxel.
Effects of ozone and fine particulate matter (PM(2.5)) on rat system inflammation and cardiac function.
Flavopiridol Hoechst AG.
Carbonic anhydrase inhibitors: aromatic and heterocyclic sulfonamides incorporating adamantyl moieties with strong anticonvulsant activity.
Enzymatic characterization of a recombinant isoform hybrid of glutamic acid decarboxylase (rGAD67/65) expressed in yeast.
Bioactive phenolics from Seriphidium stenocephalum.
Anti-inflammatory effect of essential oil and its constituents from fingered citron (Citrus medica L. var. sarcodactylis) through blocking JNK, ERK and NF-κB signaling pathways in LPS-activated RAW 264.7 cells.
Modulation of TNF and GM-CSF release from dispersed human nasal polyp cells and human whole blood by inhibitors of different PDE isoenzymes and glucocorticoids.
Activating glucocorticoid receptor-ERK signaling pathway contributes to ginsenoside Rg1 protection against β-amyloid peptide-induced human endothelial cells apoptosis.
Aberrant transcription of the LHCGR gene caused by a mutation in exon 6A leads to Leydig cell hypoplasia type II.
Effectiveness of endopeptidase inhibition (candoxatril) in congestive heart failure.
Longer HSD11B2 CA-repeat in impaired glucose tolerance and type 2 diabetes.
Efficacy and safety of tamsulosin in the treatment of urological diseases.
Pioglitazone protects against cisplatin induced nephrotoxicity in rats and potentiates its anticancer activity against human renal adenocarcinoma cell lines.
A structural and functional perspective into the mechanism of Ca2+-sensitizers that target the cardiac troponin complex.
Induction of cyp1a1 is a nonspecific biomarker of aryl hydrocarbon receptor activation: results of large scale screening of pharmaceuticals and toxicants in vivo and in vitro.
No mutations in the serotonin related TPH1 and HTR1B genes in patients with monogenic sclerosing bone disorders.
Grb10-mediated Negative Regulation of IGF1R-Activated Signalling Pathway Results in Cognitive Disorder in Diabetic Rats.
Drug cocktail interaction study on the effect of the orally administered lavender oil preparation silexan on cytochrome p450 enzymes in healthy volunteers.
Sulindac independently modulates extracellular signal-regulated kinase 1/2 and cyclic GMP-dependent protein kinase signaling pathways.
Synthesis and antagonistic activity at muscarinic receptor subtypes of some 2-carbonyl derivatives of diphenidol.
Activation of an apoptotic signal transduction pathway involved in the upregulation of calpain and apoptosis-inducing factor in aldosterone-induced primary cultured cardiomyocytes.
Loperamide, an opiate analog, differently modifies the adrenocorticotropin responses to corticotropin-releasing hormone and lysine vasopressin in patients with Addison's disease.
Comparisons of beta-adrenergic blocking properties of S- and R-timolol in humans.
Rosmarinic acid ameliorates acute liver damage and fibrogenesis in carbon tetrachloride-intoxicated mice.
Pre-clinical pharmacology of zolmitriptan (Zomig; formerly 311C90), a centrally and peripherally acting 5HT1B/1D agonist for migraine.
Oligomeric procyanidins of lotus seedpod inhibits the formation of advanced glycation end-products by scavenging reactive carbonyls.
Pegylated recombinant human arginase (rhArg-peg5,000mw) inhibits the in vitro and in vivo proliferation of human hepatocellular carcinoma through arginine depletion.
Visualization and virtual screening of the chemical universe database GDB-17.
Both 5-HT1B and 5-HT1F receptors modulate c-fos expression within rat trigeminal nucleus caudalis.
Disruption of the cereblon gene enhances hepatic AMPK activity and prevents high fat diet-induced obesity and insulin resistance in mice.
Involvement of EP1 and EP2 receptors in the regulation of the Na,K-ATPase by prostaglandins in MDCK cells.
VMAT2: a dynamic regulator of brain monoaminergic neuronal function interacting with drugs of abuse.
Spiro heterocycles as potential inhibitors of SIRT1: Pd/C-mediated synthesis of novel N-indolylmethyl spiroindoline-3,2'-quinazolines.
Cyclopentenone prostaglandins suppress activation of microglia: down-regulation of inducible nitric-oxide synthase by 15-deoxy-Delta12,14-prostaglandin J2.
Mechanism of the haemostatic effect of ethanolamine oleate in the injection sclerotherapy for oesophageal varices.
Renal failure associated with the use of celecoxib and rofecoxib.
Evaluation of the pharmacological selectivity profile of alpha 1 adrenoceptor antagonists at prostatic alpha 1 adrenoceptors: binding, functional and in vivo studies.
In functional experiments, risperidone is selective, not for the B, but for the A subtype of alpha 1-adrenoceptors.
New assignments for multitasking signal transduction inhibitors.
Serotonin transporter function in vivo: assessment by chronoamperometry.
Effect of minaprine on cycloheximide-induced amnesia in mice.
Extracts of Scutellaria baicalensis reduced body weight and blood triglyceride in db/db Mice.
Altered methionine metabolism in long living Ames dwarf mice.
The potential of nicotinic enhancement of cognitive remediation training in schizophrenia.
Activation of alpha 2B-adrenoceptors mediates the cardiovascular effects of etomidate.
Silica nanoparticles-induced cytotoxicity, oxidative stress and apoptosis in cultured A431 and A549 cells.
The CYP2B6*6 Allele Significantly Alters the N-demethylation of Ketamine Enantiomers In Vitro.
A Role for Cargo in the Activation of ADP-Ribosylation Factors (Arf) and Adaptor Recruitment.
Aromatase inhibitors for male infertility.
Interactions between CYP2E1 and CYP2B4: effects on affinity for NADPH-cytochrome P450 reductase and substrate metabolism.
Prosocial effects of oxytocin in two mouse models of autism spectrum disorders.
Probing for a hydrophobic a binding register in prostate-specific membrane antigen with phenylalkylphosphonamidates.
Deficits in male sexual behavior in adulthood after social instability stress in adolescence in rats.
Low-Dose Dexamethasone Treatment Promotes Pro-Survival Signalling Pathway In Adult Rat Prefrontal Cortex.
Crystal structure of the IL-2 signaling complex: paradigm for a heterotrimeric cytokine receptor.
Antitumor activity of sorafenib in FLT3-driven leukemic cells.
Apoptosis induced neurotoxicity of Di-n-butyl-di-(4-chlorobenzohydroxamato) Tin (IV) via mitochondria-mediated pathway in PC12 cells.
Structure-based design of aliskiren, a novel orally effective renin inhibitor.
Functional divergence of a unique C-terminal domain of leucyl-tRNA synthetase to accommodate its splicing and aminoacylation roles.
Everolimus: the first approved product for patients with advanced renal cell cancer after sunitinib and/or sorafenib.
Anti-aging molecule, Sirt1: a novel therapeutic target for diabetic nephropathy.
Sucralfate: the Bangkok review.
Synthesis and structure-activity relationship of pyripyropene A derivatives as potent and selective acyl-CoA:cholesterol acyltransferase 2 (ACAT2) inhibitors: Part 2.
Involvement of pertussis toxin-sensitive G-proteins in the hormonal inhibition of dihydropyridine-sensitive Ca2+ currents in an insulin-secreting cell line (RINm5F).
Synthesis and in Vitro Characterisation of Ifenprodil-Based Fluorescein Conjugates as GluN1/GluN2B N-Methyl-D-aspartate Receptor Antagonists.
Conformational epitopes on the diabetes autoantigen GAD65 identified by peptide phage display and molecular modeling.
Molecular determinants for the selective inhibition of cyclooxygenase-2 by lumiracoxib.
Cerebral D2 and 5-HT2 receptor occupancy in Schizophrenic patients treated with olanzapine or clozapine.
Inhibitory effect of selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors on the vesicular monoamine transporter 2.
Anti-inflammatory effects of an aqueous extract of Welsh onion green leaves in mice.
Application of the bradford hill criteria to assess the causality of cisapride-induced arrhythmia: a model for assessing causal association in pharmacovigilance.
Betaxolol, a beta(1)-adrenoceptor antagonist, reduces Na(+) influx into cortical synaptosomes by direct interaction with Na(+) channels: comparison with other beta-adrenoceptor antagonists.
Synthesis of novel 1,3,4-trisubstituted pyrazoles as anti-inflammatory and analgesic agents.
Leukotriene D4 induces cognitive impairment through enhancement of CysLT₁ R-mediated amyloid-β generation in mice.
Predicting cardiomyopathic phenotypes by altering Ca2+ affinity of cardiac troponin C.
DNA methylation and histone modification profiles of mouse organic anion transporting polypeptides.
Escitalopram.
Statins increase p21 through inhibition of histone deacetylase activity and release of promoter-associated HDAC1/2.
Imatinib mesylate (Gleevec) enhances mature osteoclast apoptosis and suppresses osteoclast bone resorbing activity.
Structural basis for LFA-1 inhibition upon lovastatin binding to the CD11a I-domain.
Inhibition of matrix metalloproteinases (MMPs) as a potential strategy to ameliorate hypertension-induced cardiovascular alterations.
Time-dependent changes in hepatic and intestinal induction of cytochrome P450 3A after administration of dexamethasone to rats.
Autoradiographic study of serotonin transporter during memory formation.
Hypoxia and lactate production in trophoblast cells.
Preclinical pharmacokinetics and in vitro metabolism of dasatinib (BMS-354825): a potent oral multi-targeted kinase inhibitor against SRC and BCR-ABL.
Genetic linkage of Fc gamma RIIa and Fc gamma RIIIa and implications for their use in predicting clinical responses to CD20-directed monoclonal antibody therapy.
Characterization of an alpha 1D-adrenoceptor mediating the contractile response of rat aorta to noradrenaline.
Display of amino groups on substrate surfaces by simple dip-coating of methacrylate-based polymers and its application to DNA immobilization.
Neuroprotective role of ATP-sensitive potassium channels in cerebral ischemia.
Comparison of the effect of rofecoxib (a cyclooxygenase 2 inhibitor), ibuprofen, and placebo on the gastroduodenal mucosa of patients with osteoarthritis: a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial. The Rofecoxib Osteoarthritis Endoscopy Multinational Study Group.
Profiling 976 ToxCast chemicals across 331 enzymatic and receptor signaling assays.
A combination of [+] and [-]-Huperzine A improves protection against soman toxicity compared to [+]-Huperzine A in guinea pigs.
Vinblastine-induced apoptosis of melanoma cells is mediated by Ras homologous A protein (Rho A) via mitochondrial and non-mitochondrial-dependent mechanisms.
Cloning and characterization of a novel human phosphodiesterase that hydrolyzes both cAMP and cGMP (PDE10A).
Effects of 5-aza-2'-deoxycytidine on fetal hemoglobin levels, red cell adhesion, and hematopoietic differentiation in patients with sickle cell disease.
Quinone compounds regulate the level of ROS production by the NADPH oxidase Nox4.
Does aspirin acetylate multiple cellular proteins? (Review).
Topoisomerase IIβ deficiency enhances camptothecin-induced apoptosis.
Effects of felodipine (a dihydropyridine calcium channel blocker) and analogues on calmodulin-dependent enzymes.
Aldosterone-induced ENaC and basal Na(+)/K(+)-ATPase trafficking via protein kinase D1-phosphatidylinositol 4-kinaseIIIβ trans Golgi signalling in M1 cortical collecting duct cells.
The role of 5-HT(1A) and 5-HT(1B/1D) receptors on the modulation of acute fluoxetine-induced changes in extracellular 5-HT: the mechanism of action of (+/-)pindolol.
Design, synthesis and biological evaluation of novel hybrid compounds of imidazole scaffold-based 2-benzylbenzofuran as potent anticancer agents.
Involvement of serotonin 5-HT3 receptors in the modulation of noradrenergic transmission by serotonin reuptake inhibitors: a microdialysis study in rat brain.
Expressions and mechanical functions of alpha1-adrenoceptor subtypes in hamster ureter.
Amylin receptors: molecular composition and pharmacology.
Hospitalized osteoporotic vertebral fracture increases the risk of stroke: a population-based cohort study.
Inhibition of recombinant L-type voltage-gated calcium channels by positive allosteric modulators of GABAA receptors.
5-Hydroxy-3,6,7,8,3'4'-hexamethoxyflavone inhibits nitric oxide production in lipopolysaccharide-stimulated BV2 microglia via NF-κB suppression and Nrf-2-dependent heme oxygenase-1 induction.
Synthesis and antitumor activity of 1,3,4-oxadiazole possessing 1,4-benzodioxan moiety as a novel class of potent methionine aminopeptidase type II inhibitors.
Discovery of novel cannabinoid receptor ligands by a virtual screening approach: further development of 2,4,6-trisubstituted 1,3,5-triazines as CB2 agonists.
Inborn errors in the metabolism of glutathione.
Properties of purified recombinant human polyamine oxidase, PAOh1/SMO.
Effects of serine/threonine protein phosphatase inhibitors on morphine-induced antinociception in the tail flick test in mice.
Carbonic anhydrase inhibitors. Inhibition of mammalian isoforms I-XIV with a series of natural product polyphenols and phenolic acids.
Crystal structure of the pyridoxal-5'-phosphate-dependent serine dehydratase from human liver.
Synthesis and evaluation of carbamoylmethylene linked prodrugs of BMS-582949, a clinical p38α inhibitor.
Iron and diabetes risk.
Changes of phosphorylation of cAMP response element binding protein in rat nucleus accumbens after chronic ethanol intake: naloxone reversal.
Impaired function of prejunctional adenosine A1 receptors expressed by perivascular sympathetic nerves in DOCA-salt hypertensive rats.
Functional consequences of the arrhythmogenic G306R KvLQT1 K+ channel mutant probed by viral gene transfer in cardiomyocytes.
Pasireotide: A Review of Its Use in Cushing's Disease.
SB365, Pulsatilla saponin D suppresses the proliferation of human colon cancer cells and induces apoptosis by modulating the AKT/mTOR signalling pathway.
Apolipoprotein E3 (apoE3) safeguards pig proximal tubular LLC-PK1 cells against reduction in SGLT1 activity induced by gentamicin C.
Actions of nizatidine, a selective histamine H2-receptor antagonist, on gastric acid secretion in dogs, rats and frogs.
3D-QSAR-assisted drug design: identification of a potent quinazoline-based Aurora kinase inhibitor.
NMDA Receptor Activation Down-Regulates Expression of δ Subunit-Containing GABA-A Receptors in Cultured Hippocampal Neurons.
Conjugated linoleic acid and calcium co-supplementation improves bone health in ovariectomised mice.
Testosterone deficiency induces markedly decreased serum triglycerides, increased small dense LDL, and hepatic steatosis mediated by dysregulation of lipid assembly and secretion in mice fed a high-fat diet.
Two distinct mechanisms of Topoisomerase 1-dependent mutagenesis in yeast.
Covalent modification of stathmin by CCNU determined by FTMS analysis of modified proteins and tryptic peptides.
Amitriptyline is a TrkA and TrkB receptor agonist that promotes TrkA/TrkB heterodimerization and has potent neurotrophic activity.
Truncated ErbB2 receptor (p95ErbB2) is regulated by heregulin through heterodimer formation with ErbB3 yet remains sensitive to the dual EGFR/ErbB2 kinase inhibitor GW572016.
Nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs induce colorectal cancer cell apoptosis by suppressing 14-3-3epsilon.
Cellular and pharmacogenetics foundation of synergistic interaction of pemetrexed and gemcitabine in human non-small-cell lung cancer cells.
Tissue expression and translational control of rat kynurenine aminotransferase/glutamine transaminase K mRNAs.
Down-regulation of LRRK2 in control and DAT transfected HEK cells increases manganese-induced oxidative stress and cell toxicity.
Swim training of monosodium L-glutamate-obese mice improves the impaired insulin receptor tyrosine phosphorylation in pancreatic islets.
Long-term use of sildenafil.
Cytosolic aspartate aminotransferase, a new partner in adipocyte glyceroneogenesis and an atypical target of thiazolidinedione.
ABT-199, a potent and selective BCL-2 inhibitor, achieves antitumor activity while sparing platelets.
Smad3 mediates cigarette smoke extract (CSE) induction of VEGF release by human fetal lung fibroblasts.
A novel metabotropic glutamate receptor 5 positive allosteric modulator acts at a unique site and confers stimulus bias to mGlu5 signaling.
G protein-coupled receptors as direct targets of inhaled anesthetics.
Effects of venlafaxine on extracellular concentrations of 5-HT and noradrenaline in the rat frontal cortex: augmentation via 5-HT1A receptor antagonism.
GluR5 kainate receptors, seizures, and the amygdala.
Multidrug resistance-associated proteins are involved in the transport of the glutathione conjugates of the ultimate carcinogen of benzo[a]pyrene in human Caco-2 cells.
Evaluation of biological activities of a groundnut (Apios americana Medik) extract containing a novel isoflavone.
Comparison of cyclooxygenase inhibitory activity and ocular anti-inflammatory effects of ketorolac tromethamine and bromfenac sodium.
Tumor-growth-promoting cyclooxygenase-2 prostaglandin E2 pathway provides medulloblastoma therapeutic targets.
Fluticasone propionate: safety profile.
Bioreducible polymers as a determining factor for polyplex decomplexation rate and transfection.
Phosphodiesterase 4 inhibitors delay human eosinophil and neutrophil apoptosis in the absence and presence of salbutamol.
Significance of the transient receptor potential canonical 2 (TRPC2) channel in the regulation of rat thyroid FRTL-5 cell proliferation, migration, adhesion and invasion.
Lutein and eicosapentaenoic acid interact to modify iNOS mRNA levels through the PPARgamma/RXR pathway in chickens and HD11 cell lines.
Occupancy of dopamine D(1), D (2) and serotonin (2A) receptors in schizophrenic patients treated with flupentixol in comparison with risperidone and haloperidol.
Stereospecific inhibition of monoamine uptake transporters by meta-hydroxyephedrine isomers.
TCDD inhibition of canonical wnt signaling disrupts prostatic bud formation in mouse urogenital sinus.
CYP2J2 overexpression increases EETs and protects against angiotensin II-induced abdominal aortic aneurysm in mice.
Differential effects of organic and inorganic selenium compounds on adenosine deaminase activity and scavenger capacity in cerebral cortex slices of young rats.
Antigenotoxic potencies of a lichen species, Evernia prunastri.
Cross-talk between constitutive androstane receptor and hypoxia-inducible factor in the regulation of gene expression.
Methionine adenosyltransferase II beta subunit gene expression provides a proliferative advantage in human hepatoma.
Temporal profile of brain and pituitary GnRHs, GnRH-R and gonadotropin mRNA expression and content during early development in European sea bass (Dicentrarchus labrax L.).
Linking GABA(A) receptor subunits to alcohol-induced conditioned taste aversion and recovery from acute alcohol intoxication.
Pancreatic β-Cell Dysfunction and Risk of New-Onset Diabetes After Kidney Transplantation.
Resveratrol attenuates hepatotoxicity of rats exposed to arsenic trioxide.
Influence of stimulant-induced hyperactivity on social approach in the BTBR mouse model of autism.
Decreased serum concentrations of 25-hydroxycholecalciferol are associated with increased risk of progression to impaired fasting glucose and diabetes.
Structural features of the central cannabinoid CB1 receptor involved in the binding of the specific CB1 antagonist SR 141716A.
Drosophila GABA-gated chloride channel: modified [3H]EBOB binding site associated with Ala-->Ser or Gly mutants of Rdl subunit.
In vitro antiprogestational/antiglucocorticoid activity and progestin and glucocorticoid receptor binding of the putative metabolites and synthetic derivatives of CDB-2914, CDB-4124, and mifepristone.
Different mechanisms of acquired resistance to fluorinated pyrimidines in human colorectal cancer cells.
Failure of ritodrine to prevent preterm labor in the sheep.
Smoothened is a fully competent activator of the heterotrimeric G protein G(i).
Antiarrhythmic effects of (-)-epicatechin-3-gallate, a novel sodium channel agonist in cultured neonatal rat ventricular myocytes.
Liver choline dehydrogenase and kidney betaine-homocysteine methyltransferase expression are not affected by methionine or choline intake in growing rats.
Identification of a new interaction mode between the Src homology 2 (SH2) domain of C-terminal Src kinase (Csk) and Csk-binding protein (Cbp)/phosphoprotein associated with glycosphingolipid microdomains (PAG).
Protective effects of protein transduction domain-metallothionein fusion proteins against hypoxia- and oxidative stress-induced apoptosis in an ischemia/reperfusion rat model.
Lifelong exposure to bisphenol a alters cardiac structure/function, protein expression, and DNA methylation in adult mice.
Wogonoside induces autophagy in MDA-MB-231 cells by regulating MAPK-mTOR pathway.
A mutation in the FAM36A gene, the human ortholog of COX20, impairs cytochrome c oxidase assembly and is associated with ataxia and muscle hypotonia.
Deduced amino acid sequence from the bovine oxytocin-neurophysin I precursor cDNA.
Pelargonidin activates the AhR and induces CYP1A1 in primary human hepatocytes and human cancer cell lines HepG2 and LS174T.
Cloning and expression of a novel serotonin receptor with high affinity for tricyclic psychotropic drugs.
The use of insulin analogues in pregnancy.
alpha-Linolenic acid, Delta6-desaturase gene polymorphism, and the risk of nonfatal myocardial infarction.
Altered vasoreactivity to angiotensin II in experimental diabetic neuropathy: role of nitric oxide.
Effect of the R(-) and S(+) isomers of MDA and MDMA on phosphatidyl inositol turnover in cultured cells expressing 5-HT2A or 5-HT2C receptors.
Hepatocytes display a compensatory survival response against cadmium toxicity by a mechanism mediated by EGFR and Src.
[Screening of short peptides binding to cell surface interleukin-2 receptor alpha chain].
Peyer's patch-mediated intestinal immune system modulating activity of pectic-type polysaccharide from peel of Citrus unshiu.
An Indian butyrylcholinesterase variant L307P is not structurally stable: A molecular dynamics simulation study.
The inhibitory effect of ginseng saponins on the stress-induced plasma interleukin-6 level in mice.
Sitagliptin.
Streptococcus pneumoniae ClpP protease induces apoptosis via caspase-independent pathway in human neuroblastoma cells: cytoplasmic relocalization of p53.
New aspects in the management of obesity: operation and the impact of lipase inhibitors.
The characteristics of genistin-induced inhibitory effects on intestinal motility.
Contribution of single-minded 2 to hyperglycaemia-induced neurotoxicity.
Global analysis of Drosophila Cys2-His2 zinc finger proteins reveals a multitude of novel recognition motifs and binding determinants.
Polymorphisms in dopamine transporter (SLC6A3) are associated with stimulant effects of D-amphetamine: an exploratory pharmacogenetic study using healthy volunteers.
The structure and properties of septin 3: a possible missing link in septin filament formation.
The effect of inorganic arsenic on endothelium-dependent relaxation: Role of NADPH oxidase and hydrogen peroxide.
Anthocyanin, antioxidant activity and stress-induced gene expression in high CO2-treated table grapes stored at low temperature.
MUC1-C oncoprotein as a target in breast cancer: activation of signaling pathways and therapeutic approaches.
Synthesis, crystal structure and antidiabetic activity of substituted (E)-3-(Benzo [d]thiazol-2-ylamino) phenylprop-2-en-1-one.
Acetaminophen (paracetamol) is a selective cyclooxygenase-2 inhibitor in man.
Effect of galantamine on acetylcholinesterase and butyrylcholinesterase activities in the presence of L-carnitine in rat selected brain and peripheral tissues.
Inhibition of neurite outgrowth and alteration of cytoskeletal gene expression by sodium arsenite.
A naloxone-steroid hybrid azine with selective and long-acting opioid antagonism at delta receptors in vitro.
Inhibition of dipeptidyl peptidase-IV (DPP-IV) by atorvastatin.
Neoechinulin A suppresses amyloid-β oligomer-induced microglia activation and thereby protects PC-12 cells from inflammation-mediated toxicity.
WNT6 is a novel target gene of caveolin-1 promoting chemoresistance to epirubicin in human gastric cancer cells.
2,3,7,8-Tetrachlorodibenzo-p-dioxin-induced inflammatory activation is mediated by intracellular free calcium in microglial cells.
Introduction: The pharmacological profile of eprosartan--implications for cerebrovascular and cardiovascular risk reduction.
Analysis of alpha 1L-adrenoceptor pharmacology in rat small mesenteric artery.
Discriminative stimulus effects of esteratic local anesthetics in squirrel monkeys.
Plasma N-terminal pro-brain natriuretic peptide and adrenomedullin: prognostic utility and prediction of benefit from carvedilol in chronic ischemic left ventricular dysfunction. Australia-New Zealand Heart Failure Group.
Synergistic anti-cancer effects of resveratrol and chemotherapeutic agent clofarabine against human malignant mesothelioma MSTO-211H cells.
Phillyrin attenuates high glucose-induced lipid accumulation in human HepG2 hepatocytes through the activation of LKB1/AMP-activated protein kinase-dependent signalling.
Structural, kinetic, and thermodynamic analysis of the binding of the 40 kDa PEG-interferon-alpha2a and its individual positional isomers to the extracellular domain of the receptor IFNAR2.
Noncanonical control of C. elegans germline apoptosis by the insulin/IGF-1 and Ras/MAPK signaling pathways.
Carbonic anhydrase inhibitors. Benzenesulfonamides incorporating cyanoacrylamide moieties strongly inhibit Saccharomyces cerevisiae β-carbonic anhydrase.
Artemisinic acid inhibits melanogenesis through downregulation of C/EBP α-dependent expression of HMG-CoA reductase gene.
Norethisterone metabolites modulate the uteroglobin and progesterone receptor gene expression in prepubertal rabbits.
Dioscin-induced autophagy mitigates cell apoptosis through modulation of PI3K/Akt and ERK and JNK signaling pathways in human lung cancer cell lines.
2-Hydroxy-3-methylanthraquinone from Hedyotis diffusa Willd induces apoptosis in human leukemic U937 cells through modulation of MAPK pathways.
Hormonal therapy of prostate cancer.
Spectrum of mutations in mut methylmalonic acidemia and identification of a common Hispanic mutation and haplotype.
Common resistance mechanisms to deoxynucleoside analogues in variants of the human erythroleukaemic line K562.
A new series of N2-substituted-5-(p-toluenesulfonylamino)phthalimide analogues as α-glucosidase inhibitors.
The R740S mutation in the V-ATPase a3 subunit increases lysosomal pH, impairs NFATc1 translocation, and decreases in vitro osteoclastogenesis.
p38 Mitogen Activated Protein Kinase Regulates the Nuclear Receptor CAR to Activate the CYP2B6 Gene.
Parnaparin, a low-molecular-weight heparin, prevents P-selectin-dependent formation of platelet-leukocyte aggregates in human whole blood.
Diverse effects of macromolecular crowding on the sequential glycan-processing pathway involved in glycoprotein quality control.
X-ray structure analysis of a solid solution of milbemycins A3 and A4.
In vitro exploration of potential mechanisms of toxicity of the human hepatotoxic drug fenclozic acid.
Mechanism of organophosphates (nerve gases and pesticides) and antidotes: electron transfer and oxidative stress.
Auranofin, as an anti-rheumatic gold compound, suppresses LPS-induced homodimerization of TLR4.
Differential binding of fibroblast growth factor-2 and -7 to basement membrane heparan sulfate: comparison of normal and abnormal human tissues.
Vandetanib: opening a new treatment practice in advanced medullary thyroid carcinoma.
Potent fibrinolysis inhibitor discovered by shape and electrostatic complementarity to the drug tranexamic Acid.
Gene deletion reveals roles for annexin A1 in the regulation of lipolysis and IL-6 release in epididymal adipose tissue.
Phospholipase A2 inhibitors p-bromophenacyl bromide and arachidonyl trifluoromethyl ketone suppressed interleukin-2 (IL-2) expression in murine primary splenocytes.
Polymorphisms in OCTN1 and OCTN2 transporters genes are associated with prolonged time to progression in unresectable gastrointestinal stromal tumours treated with imatinib therapy.
Acute Macrovascular Dysfunction in Patients With Type 2 Diabetes Induced by Ingestion of Advanced Glycated β-Lactoglobulins.
In situ forming reduction-sensitive degradable nanogels for facile loading and triggered intracellular release of proteins.
Brugada syndrome.
Thiazolidinediones (TZDs) affect osteoblast viability and biomarkers independently of the TZD effects on aromatase.
P2Y12, a new platelet ADP receptor, target of clopidogrel.
Redesign of carnitine acetyltransferase specificity by protein engineering.
Cooperative homotropic interaction of L-noradrenaline with the catalytic site of phenylalanine 4-monooxygenase.
The design and realization of a large-area flexible nanofiber-based mat for pollutant degradation: an application in photocatalysis.
The effects of kisspeptin in human reproductive function - therapeutic implications.
Species-specific differences in the glucocorticoid receptor transactivation function upon binding with betamethasone-esters.
Amsacrine and etoposide hypersensitivity of yeast cells overexpressing DNA topoisomerase II.
Characterization of insulin-like growth factor-binding protein-related proteins (IGFBP-rPs) 1, 2, and 3 in human prostate epithelial cells: potential roles for IGFBP-rP1 and 2 in senescence of the prostatic epithelium.
[Disorders with eosinophilia, treatment of hypereosinophilic syndrome].
Transport by OATP1B1 and OATP1B3 enhances the cytotoxicity of epigallocatechin 3-O-gallate and several quercetin derivatives.
Silencing α1,3-fucosyltransferases in human leukocytes reveals a role for FUT9 enzyme during E-selectin-mediated cell adhesion.
Optimization of frozen sour cherries vacuum drying process.
Dopamine D2-receptor imaging with 123I-iodobenzamide SPECT in migraine patients abusing ergotamine: does ergotamine cross the blood brain barrier?
Reboxetine versus fluvoxamine in the treatment of motor vehicle accident-related posttraumatic stress disorder: a double-blind, fixed-dosage, controlled trial.
Current understanding of TRPM7 pharmacology and drug development for stroke.
Analgesic and anti-inflammatory activities of aqueous extract from Glycine tomentella root in mice.
Enhancing Raman Scattering without Plasmons: Unprecedented Sensitivity Achieved by TiO2 Shell-Based Resonators.
Degradation of MAC13243 and studies of the interaction of resulting thiourea compounds with the lipoprotein targeting chaperone LolA.
Alpha1-adrenergic receptors and their inhibitors in lower urinary tract symptoms and benign prostatic hyperplasia.
Effect of low dose Bisphenol A on the early differentiation of human embryonic stem cells into mammary epithelial cells.
Absence of correlation between oxysterol accumulation in lipid raft microdomains, calcium increase, and apoptosis induction on 158N murine oligodendrocytes.
Can peripheral blood γδ T cells predict osteonecrosis of the jaw? An immunological perspective on the adverse drug effects of aminobisphosphonate therapy.
A PET study of dopamine D2 and serotonin 5-HT2 receptor occupancy in patients with schizophrenia treated with therapeutic doses of ziprasidone.
Sulindac sulfide inhibits epidermal growth factor-induced phosphorylation of extracellular-regulated kinase 1/2 and Bad in human colon cancer cells.
Fibrillar Morphology of Derivatives of Poly(3-alkylthiophene)s by Solvent Vapor Annealing: Effects of Conformational Transition and Conjugate Length.
Histamine H4 receptor antagonism diminishes existing airway inflammation and dysfunction via modulation of Th2 cytokines.
Research on the preparation of antioxidant peptides derived from egg white with assisting of high-intensity pulsed electric field.
Development and validation of a non-radioactive DNA polymerase assay for studying cytomegalovirus resistance to foscarnet.
In vitro study of intestinal transport of fluoride using the Caco-2 cell line.
Structure activity relationship studies of tricyclic bispyran sulfone γ-secretase inhibitors.
Formation of Mallory body-like inclusions and cell death induced by deregulated expression of keratin 18.
Anti-Ulcerative Colitis Activity of Compounds from Euphorbia granuleta Forssk.
MDMA- and p-chlorophenylalanine-induced reduction in 5-HT concentrations: effects on serotonin transporter densities.
Curcumin improves TNBS-induced colitis in rats by inhibiting IL-27 expression via the TLR4/NF-κB signaling pathway.
Bovine and ovine gonadotropin-releasing hormone (GnRH)-II ligand precursors and type II GnRH receptor genes are functionally inactivated.
Biosynthetic regulation and intracellular transport of phosphatidylserine in mammalian cells.
Use of nitisinone in patients with alkaptonuria.
Functional and molecular characterization of multiple K-Cl cotransporter isoforms in corneal epithelial cells.
Changes in morphometry and association between whole-body fatty acids and steroid hormone profiles in relation to bioaccumulation patterns in salmon larvae exposed to perfluorooctane sulfonic or perfluorooctane carboxylic acids.
Drugs in Development for Relapsing Multiple Sclerosis.
Toxicity of the flame-retardant BDE-49 on brain mitochondria and neuronal progenitor striatal cells enhanced by a PTEN-deficient background.
Pharmacological properties of lorglumide as a member of a new class of cholecystokinin antagonists.
Synthesis and Structure-Activity Relationship Studies of Derivatives of the Dual Aromatase-Sulfatase Inhibitor 4-{[(4-Cyanophenyl)(4H-1,2,4-triazol-4-yl)amino]methyl}phenyl sulfamate.
The circadian clock circuitry and the AHR signaling pathway in physiology and pathology.
Protective effect of cinnamon polyphenols against STZ-diabetic mice fed high-sugar, high-fat diet and its underlying mechanism.
Nonadrenergic imidazoline binding sites on human platelets.
Age dependent differences in the regulation of hippocampal steroid hormones and receptor genes: relations to motivation and cognition in male rats.
Effects of ORF 17583, other histamine H2-receptor antagonists and omeprazole on gastric acid secretory states in rats and dogs.
Platelet-derived microparticles in overweight/obese women with the polycystic ovary syndrome.
Underexpression of the Na+-dependent neutral amino acid transporter ASCT2 in the spontaneously hypertensive rat kidney.
The antipsychotic drugs sertindole and pimozide block erg3, a human brain K(+) channel.
Different neuroleptics show common dose and time dependent effects in quantitative field potential analysis in freely moving rats.
Single-walled carbon nanotube surface control of complement recognition and activation.
Conformational variations of both phosphodiesterase-5 and inhibitors provide the structural basis for the physiological effects of vardenafil and sildenafil.
Cucurbitacin I inhibits rac1 activation in breast cancer cells by a reactive oxygen species-mediated mechanism and independently of janus tyrosine kinase 2 and p-rex1.
Common and specific determinants for fibroblast growth factors in the ectodomain of the receptor kinase complex.
Brain but not spinal NR2B receptor is responsible for the anti-allodynic effect of an NR2B subunit-selective antagonist CP-101,606 in a rat chronic constriction injury model.
Mutations within the human GLYT2 (SLC6A5) gene associated with hyperekplexia.
Pharmacological properties of the anti-Parkinson drug rasagiline; modification of endogenous brain amines, reserpine reversal, serotonergic and dopaminergic behaviours.
Characterization of the omega class of glutathione transferases.
Tmem64 modulates calcium signaling during RANKL-mediated osteoclast differentiation.
Bimodal occurrence of aspartoacylase in myelin and cytosol of brain.
Chemoprevention for high-risk women: tamoxifen and beyond.
Inhibition by troglitazone of the antigen-induced production of leukotrienes in immunoglobulin E-sensitized RBL-2H3 cells.
[Protein profile and vitamin A in children of school age in Ivory Coast].
Verapamil prevents torsade de pointes by reduction of transmural dispersion of repolarization and suppression of early afterdepolarizations in an intact heart model of LQT3.
Specificity of zebrafish retinol saturase: formation of all-trans-13,14-dihydroretinol and all-trans-7,8- dihydroretinol.
Estimation of warfarin maintenance dose based on VKORC1 (-1639 G>A) and CYP2C9 genotypes.
The role of rasagiline in the treatment of Parkinson's disease.
Lithium modulates desensitization of the glutamate receptor subtype gluR3 in Xenopus oocytes.
Oral administration of tetrahydrobiopterin prevents endothelial dysfunction and vascular oxidative stress in the aortas of insulin-resistant rats.
A Re-evaluation of the Role of hCTR1, the Human High Affinity Cu Transporter in Pt-Drug Entry into Human Cells.
Acute effects of brexpiprazole on serotonin, dopamine, and norepinephrine systems: an in vivo electrophysiologic characterization.
Anti-asthmatic Effects of Baicalin in a Mouse Model of Allergic Asthma.
Effects of fenofibrate, a PPAR-α ligand, on the haemodynamics of glycerol-induced renal failure in rats.
Nanobody-albumin nanoparticles (NANAPs) for the delivery of a multikinase inhibitor 17864 to EGFR overexpressing tumor cells.
Chromosomal localization, gene structure, and expression pattern of DDAH1: comparison with DDAH2 and implications for evolutionary origins.
Structure-based design of novel dihydroisoquinoline BACE-1 inhibitors that do not engage the catalytic aspartates.
Antidepressant use and glycemic control.
Tissue-type plasminogen activator acts as a cytokine that triggers intracellular signal transduction and induces matrix metalloproteinase-9 gene expression.
Cyclopenta[c]phenanthrenes - Chemistry and biological activity.
Zymogen factor IX potentiates factor IXa-catalyzed factor X activation.
Biosynthesis, assembly and secretion of coagulation factor VIII.
Identification of benzofuran central cores for the inhibition of leukotriene A(4) hydrolase.
Minocycline markedly protects the neonatal brain against hypoxic-ischemic injury.
In vivo comparison of the reinforcing and dopamine transporter effects of local anesthetics in rhesus monkeys.
Bone growth retardation in mouse embryos expressing human collagenase 1.
Neurochemical effects of the monoamine oxidase inhibitor phenelzine on brain GABA and alanine: A comparison with vigabatrin.
Clinical pharmacology of enalkiren, a novel, dipeptide renin inhibitor.
Methylenedioxymethamphetamine decreases plasmalemmal and vesicular dopamine transport: mechanisms and implications for neurotoxicity.
Concentration-dependent inhibitory effects of baicalin on the metabolism of dextromethorphan, a dual probe of CYP2D and CYP3A, in rats.
Identification of a novel benzimidazole derivative as a highly potent NPY Y5 receptor antagonist with an anti-obesity profile.
Esmolol reduces autonomic hypersensitivity and length of seizures induced by electroconvulsive therapy.
A genetically encoded and gate for cell-targeted metabolic labeling of proteins.
Relative myotoxic and haemodynamic effects of the beta-agonists fenoterol and clenbuterol measured in conscious unrestrained rats.
Characterization of four new mouse cytochrome P450 enzymes of the CYP2J subfamily.
The effect of manganese on dopamine toxicity and dopamine transporter (DAT) in control and DAT transfected HEK cells.
Structural model of carnitine palmitoyltransferase I based on the carnitine acetyltransferase crystal.
Oxysterols in cancer cell proliferation and death.
In vivo HIF-mediated reductive carboxylation is regulated by citrate levels and sensitizes VHL-deficient cells to glutamine deprivation.
Bioactive flavaglines and other constituents isolated from Aglaia perviridis.
Synthesis and biological evaluation of novel aliphatic amido-quaternary ammonium salts for anticancer chemotherapy: Part II.
RNA interference-triggered reversal of ABCC2-dependent cisplatin resistance in human cancer cells.
Epinastine (WAL 801CL) modulates the noncholinergic contraction in guinea-pig airways in vitro by a prejunctional 5-HT1-like receptor.
Vitamin C forestalls cigarette smoke induced NF-κB activation in alveolar epithelial cells.
Catalpol suppresses advanced glycation end-products-induced inflammatory responses through inhibition of reactive oxygen species in human monocytic THP-1 cells.
Moxifloxacin enhances etoposide-induced cytotoxic, apoptotic and anti-topoisomerase II effects in a human colon carcinoma cell line.
Thymidine kinase and thymidine phosphorylase level as the main predictive parameter for sensitivity to TAS-102 in a mouse model.
Furanodiene Presents Synergistic Anti-proliferative Activity With Paclitaxel Via Altering Cell Cycle and Integrin Signaling in 95-D Lung Cancer Cells.
The mechanisms responsible for garlic - drug interactions and their in vivo relevance.
The effects of labetalol and dilevalol on isolated cardiovascular preparations of the guinea-pig and rat.
[Effect of mifepristone on the expression of progesterone receptor messenger RNA and protein in uterine leiomyomata].
Accumulation of cystathionine, cystathionine ketimine, and perhydro-1,4-thiazepine-3,5-dicarboxylic acid in whole brain and various regions of the brain of D, L-propargylglycine-treated rats.
Changes in A1C Levels Are Significantly Associated With Changes in Levels of the Cardiovascular Risk Biomarker hs-CRP: Results from SteP Study.
Adenosine receptor antagonists intensify the benzodiazepine withdrawal signs in mice.
Cross-inhibition of SR-BI- and ABCA1-mediated cholesterol transport by the small molecules BLT-4 and glyburide.
Protective effect of butylated hydroxytoluene on ferric nitrilotriacetate induced hepatotoxicity and oxidative stress in mice.
AKRs expression in peripheral blood lymphocytes from smokers: The role of body mass index.
Administration of the optimized β-Lapachone-poloxamer-cyclodextrin ternary system induces apoptosis, DNA damage and reduces tumor growth in a human breast adenocarcinoma xenograft mouse model.
Lanthanum (III) regulates the nitrogen assimilation in soybean seedlings under ultraviolet-B radiation.
Significant receptor affinities of metabolites and a degradation product of mometasone furoate.
Inhibition of monoamine oxidase by phthalide analogues.
Long range effect of mutations on specific conformational changes in the extracellular loop 2 of angiotensin II type 1 receptor.
Immunohistochemical characterization of pyrimidine synthetic enzymes, thymidine kinase-1 and thymidylate synthase, in various types of cancer.
Increased muscarinic receptor activity of airway smooth muscle isolated from a mouse model of allergic asthma.
Design, synthesis, characterization and anti-inflammatory evaluation of novel pyrazole amalgamated flavones.
Superparamagnetic Hollow Hybrid Nanogels as a Potential Guidable Vehicle System of Stimuli-Mediated MR Imaging and Multiple Cancer Therapeutics.
Progesterone receptor induces bcl-x expression through intragenic binding sites favoring RNA polymerase II elongation.
Lipoxygenase and urease inhibition of the aerial parts of the Polygonatum verticillatum.
A physiologically based pharmacokinetic model for the oxime TMB-4: simulation of rodent and human data.
Creb1-Mecp2-(m)CpG complex transactivates postnatal murine neuronal glucose transporter isoform 3 expression.
Structure of human microsomal cytochrome P450 2C8. Evidence for a peripheral fatty acid binding site.
Resistance to conventional insecticides in Pakistani populations of Musca domestica L. (Diptera: Muscidae): a potential ectoparasite of dairy animals.
Effect of antidepressant drugs in mice lacking the norepinephrine transporter.
In vitro inhibitory effects of non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs on 4-methylumbelliferone glucuronidation in recombinant human UDP-glucuronosyltransferase 1A9--potent inhibition by niflumic acid.
Affinities of venlafaxine and various reuptake inhibitors for the serotonin and norepinephrine transporters.
Xanthurenic aciduria due to a mutation in KYNU encoding kynureninase.
Co-C bond activation in methylmalonyl-CoA mutase by stabilization of the post-homolysis product Co2+ cobalamin.
Neurotoxicity of "ecstasy" and its metabolites in human dopaminergic differentiated SH-SY5Y cells.
A New Proposed Rodent Model of Chemically Induced Prostate Carcinogenesis: Distinct Time-Course Prostate Cancer Progression in the Dorsolateral and Ventral Lobes.
Green tea extract alleviates arsenic-induced biochemical toxicity and lipid peroxidation in rats.
Synthesis, receptor binding and functional studies of mesoridazine stereoisomers.
Sex differences in the antidepressant-like effects of ketamine.
Effects of 17α-ethynylestradiol-induced cholestasis on the pharmacokinetics of doxorubicin in rats: reduced biliary excretion and hepatic metabolism of doxorubicin.
Corticotropin-releasing hormone reduces pressure pain sensitivity in humans without involvement of beta-endorphin(1-31), but does not reduce heat pain sensitivity.
Activation of AMP-activated Protein Kinase and Phosphorylation of Glycogen Synthase Kinase3 β Mediate Ursolic Acid Induced Apoptosis in HepG2 Liver Cancer Cells.
Adverse outcome pathways during zebrafish embryogenesis: a case study with paraoxon.
Depletion of molecular chaperones from the endoplasmic reticulum and fragmentation of the Golgi apparatus associated with pathogenesis in Pelizaeus-Merzbacher disease.
Endogenous opioid systems and alcohol addiction.
Dynamics of NO rebinding to the heme domain of NO synthase-like proteins from bacterial pathogens.
Nonthrombolytic intervention in acute myocardial infarction.
Snake venom metalloproteinases.
Catalytic properties of mouse carbonic anhydrase V.
Kinetic characterization of adenylosuccinate synthetase from the thermophilic archaea Methanocaldococcus jannaschii.
Inhibition of NF-kappa B by sodium salicylate and aspirin.
Galanin attenuates cyclic AMP regulatory element-binding protein (CREB) phosphorylation induced by chronic morphine and naloxone challenge in Cath.a cells and primary striatal cultures.
Na+/Ca2+ exchange inhibitors: a new class of calcium regulators.
Efficacy and safety of the dipeptidyl peptidase-4 inhibitor, sitagliptin, in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus inadequately controlled on glimepiride alone or on glimepiride and metformin.
Compound and compositions as TGR5 agonists: WO2012082947.
Hydroxysafflor yellow a inhibits lipopolysaccharide-induced inflammatory signal transduction in human alveolar epithelial A549 cells.
Synthesis and biological evaluation of phosphorylated flavonoids as potent and selective inhibitors of cholesterol esterase.
5-Amino-2-hydroxybenzoic acid 4-(5-thioxo-5H-[1,2]dithiol-3yl)-phenyl ester (ATB-429), a hydrogen sulfide-releasing derivative of mesalamine, exerts antinociceptive effects in a model of postinflammatory hypersensitivity.
Block of human NaV1.5 sodium channels by novel alpha-hydroxyphenylamide analogues of phenytoin.
Effects of a serotonin 5-HT(4) receptor antagonist SB-207266 on gastrointestinal motor and sensory function in humans.
Structures of wild-type and mutant human spermidine/spermine N1-acetyltransferase, a potential therapeutic drug target.
Suppression of nuclear factor erythroid 2-related factor 2 via extracellular signal-regulated kinase contributes to bleomycin-induced oxidative stress and fibrogenesis.
Pharmacokinetic and pharmacodynamic modeling of hedgehog inhibitor TAK-441 for the inhibition of Gli1 messenger RNA expression and antitumor efficacy in xenografted tumor model mice.
Synergistic effects of new chemopreventive agents and conventional cytotoxic agents against human lung cancer cell lines.
Phenothiazines inhibit S100A4 function by inducing protein oligomerization.
Substrates of IAP ubiquitin ligases identified with a designed orthogonal E3 ligase, the NEDDylator.
Cloning and expression of the liver and muscle isoforms of ovine carnitine palmitoyltransferase 1: residues within the N-terminus of the muscle isoform influence the kinetic properties of the enzyme.
Cardiac effects of the beta 3-adrenoceptor agonist BRL35135 in man.
Aryl hydrocarbon receptor-mediated disruption of contact inhibition is associated with connexin43 downregulation and inhibition of gap junctional intercellular communication.
Heteromtoxin (HmTx), a novel heterodimeric phospholipase A(2) from Heterometrus laoticus scorpion venom.
Comparative phosphoproteomic analysis of checkpoint recovery identifies new regulators of the DNA damage response.
Molecular mechanism of terbinafine resistance in Saccharomyces cerevisiae.
Ornithine metabolism in male and female rat kidney: mitochondrial expression of ornithine aminotransferase and arginase II.
Dexamethasone suppresses histamine synthesis by repressing both transcription and activity of HDC in allergic rats.
The Effects of Carbohydrate, Unsaturated Fat, and Protein Intake on Measures of Insulin Sensitivity: Results from the OmniHeart Trial.
Antiobesity action of peripheral exenatide (exendin-4) in rodents: effects on food intake, body weight, metabolic status and side-effect measures.
Different effects of clopidogrel and clarithromycin on the enantioselective pharmacokinetics of sibutramine and its active metabolites in healthy subjects.
New selective inhibitors of MMP-13 for inflammatory diseases: a patent evaluation (W02012151158).
LIVER X RECEPTORS, NERVOUS SYSTEM AND LIPID METABOLISM.
Cysteinyl leukotriene-dependent interleukin-5 production leading to eosinophilia during late asthmatic response in guinea-pigs.
Theoretical study of the decomposition of ethyl and ethyl 3-phenyl glycidate.
Meclofenamic acid and diclofenac, novel templates of KCNQ2/Q3 potassium channel openers, depress cortical neuron activity and exhibit anticonvulsant properties.
Atomoxetine increases extracellular levels of norepinephrine and dopamine in prefrontal cortex of rat: a potential mechanism for efficacy in attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder.
Locally administered prostaglandin E2 prevents aeroallergen-induced airway sensitization in mice through immunomodulatory mechanisms.
In vitro investigation of efficacy of new reactivators on OPC inhibited rat brain acetylcholinesterase.
State-dependent mibefradil block of Na+ channels.
Enhanced heterodimerization of Bax by Bcl-2 mutants improves irradiated cell survival.
[Treatment of androgen-independent hormone refractory prostate cancer using docetaxel].
ABCB1 polymorphisms influence steady-state plasma levels of 9-hydroxyrisperidone and risperidone active moiety.
Polyamine metabolism in a member of the phylum Microspora (Encephalitozoon cuniculi): effects of polyamine analogues.
Synthesis and in vitro evaluation of N-Aryl pyrido-quinazolines derivatives as potent EGFR inhibitors.
A fluorescent polymeric heparin sensor.
Impaired cliff avoidance reaction in dopamine transporter knockout mice.
SPACRCAN, a novel human interphotoreceptor matrix hyaluronan-binding proteoglycan synthesized by photoreceptors and pinealocytes.
Validation of an in vitro exposure system for toxicity assessment of air-delivered nanomaterials.
Thioredoxin-mimetic peptides (TXM) reverse auranofin induced apoptosis and restore insulin secretion in insulinoma cells.
Preferential block of late sodium current in the LQT3 DeltaKPQ mutant by the class I(C) antiarrhythmic flecainide.
In vivo and in vitro characterization of naltrindole-derived ligands at the κ-opioid receptor.
Design and synthesis of highly selective, orally active Polo-like kinase-2 (Plk-2) inhibitors.
Effect of bioactive peptide of Carapax Trionycis on TGF-β1-induced intracellular events in hepatic stellate cells.
Sphingosine-1-phosphate promotes the nuclear translocation of β-catenin and thereby induces osteoprotegerin gene expression in osteoblast-like cell lines.
Plerixafor, a CXCR4 antagonist for the mobilization of hematopoietic stem cells.
Supra-normal stimulation of dopamine D1 receptors in the prelimbic cortex blocks behavioral expression of both aversive and rewarding associative memories through a cyclic-AMP-dependent signaling pathway.
P21-activated protein kinase 1 (Pak1) mediates the cross talk between insulin and β-catenin on proglucagon gene expression and its ablation affects glucose homeostasis in male C57BL/6 mice.
Characterization of the regulation of renal Na+/H+ exchanger NHE3 by insulin.
The effects of adulthood olanzapine treatment on cognitive performance and neurotrophic factor content in male and female rats neonatally treated with quinpirole.
Temperature Effects of Sputtering of Langmuir-Blodgett Multilayers.
An engineered human follistatin variant: insights into the pharmacokinetic and pharmocodynamic relationships of a novel molecule with broad therapeutic potential.
Suppression of Src/ERK and GSK-3/β-catenin signaling by pinosylvin inhibits the growth of human colorectal cancer cells.
The Interaction of Adrenomedullin and Macrophages Induces Ovarian Cancer Cell Migration via Activation of RhoA Signaling Pathway.
Influence of nitrogen supply on the production of higher alcohols/esters and expression of flavour-related genes in cachaça fermentation.
Novel analgesic/anti-inflammatory agents: 1,5-diarylpyrrole nitrooxyalkyl ethers and related compounds as cyclooxygenase-2 inhibiting nitric oxide donors.
The clinical profile of the angiotensin II receptor blocker eprosartan.
Protective Effects of a Purified Saponin Mixture from Astragalus corniculatus Bieb., in vivo Hepatotoxicity Models.
In vitro inhibition of diacylglycerol acyltransferase by prenylflavonoids from Sophora flavescens.
IL-4 stimulates the expression of CXCL-8, E-selectin, VEGF, and inducible nitric oxide synthase mRNA by equine pulmonary artery endothelial cells.
Hydroxy-terminated conjugated polymer nanoparticles have near-unity bright fraction and reveal cholesterol-dependence of IGF1R nanodomains.
Medroxyprogesterone acetate but not drospirenone ablates the protective function of 17 beta-estradiol in aldosterone salt-treated rats.
Effect of ifenprodil on GluN1/GluN2B N-methyl-D-aspartate receptor gating.
mTOR Regulates Nox4-Mediated Podocyte Depletion in Diabetic Renal Injury.
Cavity Ringdown Spectroscopy of the Hydroxy-Methyl-Peroxy Radical.
Systemic administration of beta2-adrenoceptor agonists, formoterol and salmeterol, elicit skeletal muscle hypertrophy in rats at micromolar doses.
Clinical utility of acarbose, an alpha-glucosidase inhibitor in cardiometabolic disorders.
Hematologic and hepatic responses of the freshwater fish Hoplias malabaricus after saxitoxin exposure.
The Protective Effects of α-Lipoic Acid on Kidneys in Type 2 Diabetic Goto-Kakisaki Rats via Reducing Oxidative Stress.
Alcohol intoxications during adolescence increase motivation for alcohol in adult rats and induce neuroadaptations in the nucleus accumbens.
Gliotransmission and brain glucose sensing: critical role of endozepines.
Tyrosine hydroxylase binds tetrahydrobiopterin cofactor with negative cooperativity, as shown by kinetic analyses and surface plasmon resonance detection.
Disposition of a specific cyclooxygenase-2 inhibitor, valdecoxib, in human.
Defective DNA damage response and repair in liver cells expressing hepatitis B virus surface antigen.
Effects of labor and delivery on fibrinolysis.
Toxicity and toxicokinetics of binary combinations of petroleum hydrocarbon distillates with the earthworm Eisenia andrei.
Pharmacogenetics of Allopurinol-Making an Old Drug Safer.
Silibinin triggers apoptosis and cell-cycle arrest of SGC7901 cells.
Influence of developmental lead exposure on expression of DNA methyltransferases and methyl cytosine-binding proteins in hippocampus.
Synergy between pairs of competitive antagonists at adult human muscle acetylcholine receptors.
The interaction between mGluR1 and the calcium channel Cav₂.₁ preserves coupling in the presence of long Homer proteins.
Transfection of HepG2 cells with hGSTA4 provides protection against 4-hydroxynonenal-mediated oxidative injury.
DRF 2655: a unique molecule that reduces body weight and ameliorates metabolic abnormalities.
Expression and selective inhibition of the constitutive and inducible forms of human cyclo-oxygenase.
Dose-response effect of tetracyclines on cerebral matrix metalloproteinase-9 after vascular endothelial growth factor hyperstimulation.
Investigating the regulation of one-carbon metabolism in Arabidopsis thaliana.
Studies of the biogenic amine transporters. 13. Identification of "agonist" and "antagonist" allosteric modulators of amphetamine-induced dopamine release.
Enhanced beta2-adrenergic receptor (beta2AR) signaling by adeno-associated viral (AAV)-mediated gene transfer.
Update on rivastigmine.
The therapeutic potential of allosteric ligands for free fatty acid sensitive GPCRs.
Chemokine expression is upregulated in chondrocytes in diabetic fracture healing.
Allelopathic activity studies of Mikania scandens.
Glioma cell sensitivity to topotecan: the role of p53 and topotecan-induced DNA damage.
Binding site of amiloride to urokinase plasminogen activator depends on species.
Threshold concentrations of endothelin-1: the effects on contractions induced by 5-hydroxytryptamine in isolated rat cerebral and mesenteric arteries.
ABCA1 single nucleotide polymorphisms on high-density lipoprotein-cholesterol and overweight: the D.E.S.I.R. study.
Metformin and Sulfonylureas in Relation to Cancer Risk in Type II Diabetes Patients: A Meta-analysis using primary data of published studies.
Discovery and structure-activity relationships of small molecules that block the human immunoglobulin G-human neonatal Fc receptor (hIgG-hFcRn) protein-protein interaction.
Comparative formation of 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP) in creatinine/phenylalanine and creatinine/phenylalanine/4-oxo-2-nonenal reaction mixtures.
Agmatine: an endogenous clonidine-displacing substance in the brain.
Amino acids as co-amorphous stabilizers for poorly water soluble drugs - Part 1: Preparation, stability and dissolution enhancement.
Disposition and Metabolism of GSK2251052 in Humans: A Novel Boron-Containing Antibiotic.
Identification of a novel polymorphism in the 3'UTR of the L-arginine transporter gene SLC7A1: contribution to hypertension and endothelial dysfunction.
Identification of an Allosteric Modulator of Serotonin Transporter with Novel Mechanism of Action.
Structural basis for the altered drug sensitivities of non-small cell lung cancer-associated mutants of human epidermal growth factor receptor.
Chemopreventive effects of Ginkgo biloba extract in estrogen-negative human breast cancer cells.
Biosynthesis of iron-sulphur clusters is a complex and highly conserved process.
Copolymerization of 2-methylene-1,3-dioxepane and glycidyl methacrylate, a well-defined and efficient process for achieving functionalized polyesters for covalent binding of bioactive molecules.
DNA polymerase POLQ and cellular defense against DNA damage.
Impaired in vivo binding of MeCP2 to chromatin in the absence of its DNA methyl-binding domain.
Pseudohypoaldosteronism type 1 and the genes encoding prostasin, alpha-spectrin, and Nedd4.
Cerebral and extracerebral cholesterol metabolism and CSF markers of Alzheimer's disease.
In vivo genotoxicity of methyleugenol in gpt delta transgenic rats following medium-term exposure.
Structural Investigation and Biological Activity of Sesquiterpene Lactones from the Traditional Chinese Herb Inula racemosa.
Narirutin fraction from citrus peels attenuates alcoholic liver disease in mice.
Impaired local production of pro-resolving lipid mediators in obesity and 17-HDHA as a potential treatment for obesity-associated inflammation.
The glycogen synthase kinase-3β/nuclear factor-kappa B pathway is involved in cinobufagin-induced apoptosis in cultured osteosarcoma cells.
Arsenic activates endothelin-1 Gi protein-coupled receptor signaling to inhibit stem cell differentiation in adipogenesis.
Activation-dependent exposure of the inter-EGF sequence Leu83-Leu88 in factor Xa mediates ligand binding to effector cell protease receptor-1.
[6]-gingerol: a novel AT₁ antagonist for the treatment of cardiovascular disease.
Osteochondral tissue regeneration using a bilayered composite hydrogel with modulating dual growth factor release kinetics in a rabbit model.
LDL Cholesterol Goals in High-Risk Patients: How Low Do We Go and How Do We Get There?
Contrasting effects of N5-substituted tetrahydrobiopterin derivatives on phenylalanine hydroxylase, dihydropteridine reductase and nitric oxide synthase.
Vesicular monoamine transporter-1 (VMAT-1) mRNA and immunoreactive proteins in mouse brain.
Chloride channels in renal disease.
Mitochondrial arginase II modulates nitric-oxide synthesis through nonfreely exchangeable L-arginine pools in human endothelial cells.
The role of late I and antiarrhythmic drugs in EAD formation and termination in Purkinje fibers.
Polyamine depletion delays apoptosis of rat intestinal epithelial cells.
Profile of certolizumab and its potential in the treatment of psoriatic arthritis.
Predictive modeling of insulin release profile from cross-linked chitosan microspheres.
Serum carvedilol concentration and its relation to change in plasma brain natriuretic peptide level in the treatment of heart failure: a preliminary study.
Mechanism of action of leflunomide in rheumatoid arthritis.
L-proline accumulation and freeze tolerance of Saccharomyces cerevisiae are caused by a mutation in the PRO1 gene encoding gamma-glutamyl kinase.
Structural optimization of 2,5-thiophene amides as highly potent and selective 17β-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase type 2 inhibitors for the treatment of osteoporosis.
Changes in submaxillary gland gene expression in F344 rats by multiple dosing of theophylline.
eIF4F suppression in breast cancer affects maintenance and progression.
[Psychopharmacological profile of venlafaxine].
Transcriptome alterations following developmental atrazine exposure in zebrafish are associated with disruption of neuroendocrine and reproductive system function, cell cycle, and carcinogenesis.
Effects of bambuterol and terbutaline on isolated rat's tracheal smooth muscle.
(+/-)-tamsulosin, an alpha 1A-adrenoceptor antagonist, inhibits the positive inotropic effect but not the accumulation of inositol phosphates in rabbit heart.
Pterostilbene exerts antitumor activity against human osteosarcoma cells by inhibiting the JAK2/STAT3 signaling pathway.
Effect of sinapic acid against dimethylnitrosamine-induced hepatic fibrosis in rats.
Glutathione S-transferase M1 and P1 polymorphisms and risk of breast cancer and fibrocystic breast conditions in Chinese women.
Candesartan cilexetil--a review of effects on cardiovascular complications in hypertension and chronic heart failure.
Interacting Glutamate Receptor-Like Proteins in Phloem Regulate Lateral Root Initiation in Arabidopsis.
Purification and structural characterisation of phospholipase A1 (Vespapase, Ves a 1) from Thai banded tiger wasp (Vespa affinis) venom.
Thalidomide inhibits growth of tumors through COX-2 degradation independent of antiangiogenesis.
Toxicological impact of inhaled electric mosquito-repellent liquid on the rat: a hematological, cytokine indications, oxidative stress and tumor markers.
Contribution of the m1 transmembrane helix and pre-m1 region to positive allosteric modulation and gating of N-methyl-d-aspartate receptors.
Association of ATP-binding cassette transporter variants with the risk of Alzheimer's disease.
Dandelion leaf extract protects against liver injury induced by methionine- and choline-deficient diet in mice.
A novel tyrosine kinase switch is a mechanism of imatinib resistance in gastrointestinal stromal tumors.
Differential interactions of heparin and heparan sulfate glycosaminoglycans with the selectins. Implications for the use of unfractionated and low molecular weight heparins as therapeutic agents.
Differentiation of opioid drug effects by hierarchical multi-site phosphorylation.
Effects of changeover from voglibose to acarbose on postprandial triglycerides in type 2 diabetes mellitus patients.
Modulation of the JAK/ERK/STAT signaling in melanocortin-induced inhibition of local and systemic responses to myocardial ischemia/reperfusion.
Cyclooxygenase and 5-lipoxygenase inhibitors protect against mononuclear phagocyte neurotoxicity.
Cyperi Rhizoma inhibits the 1-methyl-4-phenyl-1,2,3,6-tetrahydropyridine-induced reduction in nigrostriatal dopaminergenic neurons in estrogen-deprived mice.
New progestagens for contraceptive use.
Add-on therapy with the DPP-4 inhibitor sitagliptin improves glycemic control in insulin-treated Japanese patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Effect of blood-retinal barrier development on formation of selenite nuclear cataract in rat.
Lowering interleukin-1 activity with anakinra improves myocardial deformation in rheumatoid arthritis.
A molecular mechanism of pyruvate protection against cytotoxicity of reactive oxygen species in osteoblasts.
Lower Adiponectin Levels at First Trimester of Pregnancy Are Associated With Increased Insulin Resistance and Higher Risk of Developing Gestational Diabetes Mellitus.
Reduced plasma oxytocin levels in female patients with borderline personality disorder.
Interferon-gamma is causatively involved in experimental inflammatory bowel disease in mice.
Formoterol in the management of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.
Comparative genomics, molecular evolution and computational modeling of ALDH1B1 and ALDH2.
Influence of chain length and double bond on the aqueous behavior of choline carboxylate soaps.
Loss of Kruppel-like Factor 3 (KLF3/BKLF) leads to upregulation of the insulin-sensitizing factor adipolin (FAM132A/CTRP12/C1qdc2).
Salicylate pre-treatment attenuates intensity of bronchial and nasal symptoms precipitated by aspirin in aspirin-intolerant patients.
Minocycline inhibits cytochrome c release and delays progression of amyotrophic lateral sclerosis in mice.
Use of the Combination Index to determine interactions between plant-derived phenolic acids on hepatotoxicity endpoints in human and rat hepatoma cells.
Heterogeneous expression and polymorphic genotype of glutathione S-transferases in human lung.
Monoacylglycerol lipase inhibition-induced changes in plasma corticosterone levels, anxiety and locomotor activity in male CD1 mice.
Induction of the liver cancer-down-regulated long noncoding RNA uc002mbe.2 mediates trichostatin-induced apoptosis of liver cancer cells.
The mannose 6-phosphate-binding sites of M6P/IGF2R determine its capacity to suppress matrix invasion by squamous cell carcinoma cells.
Orlistat, a new lipase inhibitor for the management of obesity.
The Atrial Natriuretic Peptide Genetic Variant Rs5068 Is Associated With a Favorable Cardiometabolic Phenotype in a Mediterranean Population.
The microsomal/peroxidase antigen: modulation of its expression in thyroid cells.
Structural and functional characterization of a phosphatase domain within yeast general transcription factor TFIIIC.
A novel benzo[d]imidazole derivate prevents the development of dextran sulfate sodium-induced murine experimental colitis via inhibition of NLRP3 inflammasome.
Methylphenidate administration to juvenile rats alters brain areas involved in cognition, motivated behaviors, appetite, and stress.
